The United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority revealed that on June 15, 2015, it initiated a proactive measure to stop an alleged insider trading ring led by Innovative Solutions Group, Ltd. and A Innovative Solutions Synergy, Ltd. (collectively, Innovative Solutions), and its head, Edward R. Harrison. Per the Authority's report, the accused amassed approximately £18.7 million from a group of investors in the British expatriate community globally through a series of purported trading circles Harrison encouraged investors to establish. Also on June 15, 2015, Judge Fiona G. Thompson, U.K. High Court Judge for the Central District of London, approved an injunction placing Innovative Solutions under the administration of a trustee to protect funds, along with other urgent directives, such as interim injunctions and account freezes. The Authority's report claims that starting in at least May 2012, Harrison, both individually and via Innovative Solutions, collected around £18.7 million from numerous investors, predominantly British expatriates. In this plan, the defendants urge investors to create trading groups specifically to channel money to Harrison and Innovative Solutions. Harrison entices investors for Innovative Solutions by promising a 50% profit on their investments within 120 days, based on his alleged expertise in foreign exchange and commodities trading. The defendants also solicit investors by claiming that Creative Capital's trading profits are used to fund new business ventures, some of which benefit the Haitian community in the United States and Haiti, and others in Sierra Leone. In truth, Theodule has lost at least $18 million trading stocks and options just over the last year. In addition, Creative Capital merely repaid earlier investors with monies collected from new investors in typical Ponzi scheme fashion. Finally, the Complaint alleges, Theodule has commingled investor funds with his personal funds and misappropriated at least $3.8 million for himself and his family.The Commission's complaint further alleges:Defendants' statements of the safety and security of investor deposits are patently false. Theodule directs prospective investors to form investment clubs with the assistance of a purported self-regulatory agency called Smart Investment Management Services, LLC (SIMS). Defendants tout SIMS' independent verification of their deposits as an added measure of safety and security. In reality, SIMS is a private company run by a former Creative Capital employee and not a regulatory entity.Defendants' claim of success trading stocks and options are also false. Of the more than $18 million deposited in brokerage accounts, Theodule has lost approximately 97% of those funds trading stocks and options. In fact, Theodule has consistently lost money trading in those accounts since November 2007, and has never generated net trading profits.Defendants' claims that Creative Capital's trading profits were used to fund new business ventures, some of which would benefit the Haitian community in the United States and Haiti, and others in Sierra Leone are false. In reality, there were no trading profits, and most of the funds the Defendants disbursed went to pay earlier investors their purported profits, not fund business projects. Moreover, the Defendants misappropriated millions of dollars of investor funds. In addition to the emergency relief obtained today, the Commission's complaint seeks disgorgement of the defendants' ill-gotten gains, civil penalties, and permanent injunctions barring future violations of the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws.Investors are advised to read the Commission's "Affinity Fraud" Investor Alert, which provides tips on how to avoid being a victim in an affinity fraud. This and other investor alerts can be found on the SEC's web site, at www.sec.gov/investor/pubs.shtml. The "Affinity Fraud" Investor Alert has also been translated into Creole and posted on the Commission's website.The Commission acknowledges the assistance of the State of Florida's Office of Financial Regulation in connection with this matter.The SEC's investigation is continuing.SEC Complaint in this matter

