TO:

FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY
LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE, WAIVER, AND CONSENT
NO. 2019060646801

Department of Enforcement
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)

Laidlaw & Company (UK) Ltd. (Respondent)
Member Firm
CRD No. 119037

Pursuant to FINRA Rule 9216, Respondent Laidlaw & Company (UK) Ltd. (Laidlaw) submits
this Letter of Acceptance, Waiver, and Consent (AWC) for the purpose of proposing a settlement
of the alleged rule violations described below. This AWC is submitted on the condition that, if
accepted, FINRA will not bring any future actions against Respondent alleging violations based
on the same factual findings described in this AWC.

I.
ACCEPTANCE AND CONSENT

Respondent accepts and consents to the following findings by FINRA without admitting
or denying them:

BACKGROUND

Laidlaw has been a FINRA member since July 2002. Laidlaw maintains eight branch
offices, employs approximately 75 registered representatives, and operates a full-service
brokerage business. !

OVERVIEW

Laidlaw conducted a securities business while failing to maintain the required minimum
net capital during four periods between February 2018 and July 2022. As a result,
Respondent violated Section 15(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule
15c3-1 thereunder, and FINRA Rules 4110(b) and 2010.

During those periods, Laidlaw also failed to timely file required notices of net capital
deficiency with the SEC and FINRA. Further, on March 8, 2019, Laidlaw filed an
inaccurate notice of net capital deficiency. As a result, Respondent violated Section 17(a)
of the Exchange Act and Exchange Act Rule 17a-11(b) thereunder, and FINRA Rule
2010.

Further, Laidlaw failed to maintain accurate books and records concerning its net capital
position between January 2018, and July 2022, and filed 24 inaccurate Financial and

' For more information about the firm, including prior regulatory events, visit BrokerCheck® at
www. finra.org/brokercheck.

Operational Combined Uniform Single (FOCUS) reports between January 2018 and July
2022. As a result, Laidlaw violated Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Exchange Act
Rule 17a-3 and 17a-5 thereunder, and FINRA Rules 4511 and 2010.

Additionally, between February 2018 and January 2019, Laidlaw’s supervisory system,
including written supervisory procedures, was not reasonably designed to achieve
compliance with FINRA Rule 2111 in connection with the due diligence private
placement offerings. By virtue of the foregoing, Laidlaw violated FINRA Rules 3110 and
2010.

FACTS AND VIOLATIVE CONDUCT
This matter originated from cycle examinations of Laidlaw.

The firm conducted a securities business while it failed to maintain the required net
capital.

Exchange Act § 15(c) and Exchange Act Rule 15c3-1 prohibit a broker-dealer from
engaging in a securities business if its net capital falls below a certain amount. FINRA
Rule 4110(b6)(1) provides that a member shall suspend all business operations during any
period in which it is not in compliance with applicable net capital requirements. A
violation of Exchange Act § 15(c), Exchange Act Rule 15c3-1, or FINRA Rule 4110(b)
also is a violation of FINRA Rule 2010, which provides that a FINRA member, “in the
conduct of its business, shall observe high standards of commercial honor and just and
equitable principles of trade.”

The firm’s net capital deficiencies occurred during four periods between February 2018
and July 2022. During all of these periods, the firm’s required minimum net capital
ranged between approximately $100,000 and approximately $240,000.

First, the firm’s net capital fell below the required minimum amount on February 28,
2018, and remained below the minimum amount through May 31, 2018, with deficiencies
ranging from $117, 242 to $427,379. The net capital deficiencies occurred because, as of
at least January 26, 2018, the firm improperly included a certificate of deposit in its net
capital computation as an allowable asset, even though that certificate of deposit served
as collateral for a line of credit.

Second, the firm’s net capital again fell below the required minimum amount on
December 31, 2018, and remained below the minimum amount through May 31, 2019,
with deficiencies ranging from $22,792 to $944,526. These net capital deficiencies
resulted from the improper treatment of several items in the firm’s net capital
computations. First, the firm continued to improperly include the above-referenced
certificate of deposit as an allowable asset despite it serving as collateral. In addition, the
firm improperly included certain receivables, most of which were fees for investment
banking services as allowable assets, even though they were unsecured, outstanding for
over 30 days and not offset by a payable liability at the time they were included. The firm
also improperly included a non-marketable convertible note as an allowable asset without

2

converting the note into shares of the issuer. Finally, the firm included the value of a
warrant held by the firm as an allowable asset prior to the firm’s exercise of the warrant
and deposit of the associated shares of an issuer (Company A).

Third, on 15 days between December 18, 2019, and March 20, 2020, the firm’s net
capital fell below the required minimum amount, with deficiencies ranging from $71,864
to $1,355,463. On 12 of those days, the firm conducted a securities business. This
occurred because the firm failed to take a deduction for non-marketable shares of
Company A that it had received on December 18, 2019. Exchange Act Rule 15c3-
1(c)(2)(vii)(1) provides that, when the marketplace can absorb only a limited number of
shares of a security for which a ready market seemingly exists, the non-marketable
portion of a position is subject to a 100% deduction and should be treated as a non-
allowable asset. The Rule provides that the number of shares exceeding the aggregate of
the most recent four-week inter-dealer trading volume should be considered non-
marketable. The firm failed to identify instances in which the prior four-week aggregate
trading volume of Company A stock exceeded the amount of Company A shares held by
the firm, thereby requiring the firm to take a 100% deduction on that non-marketable
portion of its position.

Finally, the firm’s net capital again fell below the required minimum amount on February
28, 2022, and remained below the minimum amount through July 21, 2022, with
deficiencies ranging from $286,300 to $1,631,229. These net capital deficiencies
occurred because the firm improperly excluded its obligations under a lease agreement
from its net capital calculations.

Therefore, the firm violated Exchange Act § 15(c), Exchange Act Rule 15c3-1, and
FINRA Rules 4110(b) and 2010.

|
Laidlaw failed to file timely and accurate notices of net capital deficiency.

Exchange Act § 17(a) and Exchange Act Rule 17a-11(b) require a FINRA member
whose net capital declines below the minimum amount required under Exchange Rule
15c3-1 to give notice of its net capital deficiency that same day to FINRA and the SEC,
including the current amount of its net capital deficiency. A violation of Exchange Act §
17(a) and Exchange Act Rule 17a-11 also is a violation of FINRA Rule 2010.

On March 8, 2019, the firm filed a Rule 17a-11(b) Financial Notification with the SEC
and FINRA that incorrectly stated its net capital position. While the filing identified that
the firm had overstated its net capital from December 31, 2018, through February 27,
2019, due to its treatment of the above-referenced certificate of deposit as an allowable
asset, the filing inaccurately understated the extent of the firm’s net capital deficiencies.
Specifically, the filing did not reflect the deficiencies caused by any of the other improper
computations that occurred during this period, as discussed above.

Additionally, between February 28, 2022, and July 21, 2022, despite receiving inquiries
from FINRA about the firm’s net capital deficiencies, the firm failed to file timely notices
of net capital deficiencies.

Therefore, Laidlaw violated Exchange Act § 17(a) and Exchange Act Rule 17a-11(b) and
FINRA Rule 2010.

Laidlaw failed to maintain accurate books and records.

Exchange Act § 17(a), Exchange Act Rule 17a-3, and FINRA Rule 4511 require FINRA
member firms to make and keep accurate books and records, including net capital
calculations. Exchange Act § 17(a) and Exchange Act Rule 17a-5 require FINRA
member firms to timely file accurate FOCUS reports. A violation of Exchange Act

§ 17(a), Exchange Act Rule 17a-3, Exchange Act Rule 17a-5, and FINRA Rule 4511 is
also a violation of FINRA Rule 2010.

Respondent failed to maintain accurate books and records concerning its net capital
position between January 26, 2018, and July 21, 2022. Additionally, Respondent filed 24
inaccurate FOCUS reports between January 2018 and July 2022 that overstated the
amount of the firm’s net capital and excess net capital.

Therefore, Laidlaw violated Exchange Act § 17(a), Exchange Act Rules 17a-3 and 17a-5,
and FINRA Rules 4511 and 2010.

Laidlaw’s supervisory system was not reasonably designed to achieve compliance
with FINRA rules governing private placement due diligence.

FINRA Rule 3110(a) requires a member firm to establish and maintain a system to
supervise the activities of each associated person that is reasonably designed to achieve
compliance with applicable securities laws and regulations, and with applicable FINRA
rules. FINRA Rule 3110(b) requires a member firm to establish, maintain, and enforce
written procedures to supervise the types of business in which it engages and the
activities of its associated persons that are reasonably designed to achieve compliance
with applicable securities laws and regulations, and with applicable FINRA Rules. A
violation of FINRA Rule 3110 also is a violation of FINRA Rule 2010.

FINRA Regulatory Notice 10-22 reminded broker-dealers of their obligation to conduct a
reasonable investigation of the issuer and the securities they recommend in private
placements under Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933. A firm’s obligation to
investigate is based on the suitability requirements of FINRA Rule 2111, which provides
that a firm must have reasonable grounds to believe that a recommendation to purchase,
sell or exchange a security is suitable for the customer. To satisfy “reasonable basis”
suitability, a firm must have a reasonable basis to believe, based on a reasonable
investigation, that the security is suitable for some investors. Regulatory Notice 10-22
provides that firms must have supervisory procedures that are reasonably designed to
ensure, among other itis, that the firm’s personnel investigate each private placement
the firm recommends and that they do so in a manner that is sufficiently rigorous to
comply with legal and regulatory requirements. In addition, Regulatory Notice 10-22
provides that firms should retain records documenting both the process and results of
their investigations,

Between February 2018 and January 2019, the firm maintained written supervisory
procedures (WSPs) requiring its representatives, when engaging in Regulation D
offerings, to conduct a reasonable investigation of the issuer and its management, and to
document their due diligence reviews and investigations. However, the firm did not
provide any guidance regarding how representatives should document due diligence
reviews, or who was responsible for ensuring that the firm had done so.

In connection with three private placements the firm recommended to customers between
February 2018 and January 2019, the firm failed to conduct and document reasonable
investigation of the offerings. Specifically, the firm served as placement agent for a
private placement offering by an educational technology company (Offering A). Rather
than conducting an independent investigation, the firm relied almost exclusively on
documentation and information the issuer provided. The firm’s due diligence file for
Offering A contained documents provided by the issuer, but did not contain any evidence
that the firm reviewed or analyzed those documents or conducted any other review of the
issuer or its management. Additionally, the firm sent the issuer a “due diligence
checklist” requesting various information and documents, but the firm did not receive a
completed checklist or document that it had otherwise received the requested information
from the issuer or performed any analysis of that information. The firm also served as the
introducing broker for two private placement offerings by biotechnology companies
(Offering B and Offering C). As with Offering A, the firm relied almost exclusively on
documentation and information the issuers of Offerings B and C provided, and the firm’s
due diligence files did not contain evidence that the firm reviewed any of the documents
it received in connection with the offerings or that it conducted any other reviews of the
issuers or their management.

Therefore, Laidlaw|violated FINRA Rules 3110 and 2010.

Respondent also consents to the imposition of the following sanctions:
7 a censure;
. a $200,000 fine; and

* An undertaking that, within 60 days of the date of the notice of acceptance of this
AWC, a member of Respondent’s senior management who is a registered
principal of the firm shall certify in writing that, as of the date of the certification,
the firm has remediated the issues identified in this AWC and implemented a
supervisory system, including written supervisory procedures, reasonably
designed to achieve compliance with FINRA rules governing private placement
due diligence regarding the issues identified in this AWC. The certification shall
include a narrative description and supporting exhibits sufficient to demonstrate
Respondent’s remediation and implementation. FINRA staff may request further
evidence of Respondent’s remediation and implementation, and Respondent
agrees to provide such evidence. Respondent shall submit the certification to and
Robert Fair, Senior Counsel, and Carolyn O’Leary, Senior Counsel, Brookfield
Place, 200 Liberty Street, New York, New York 10281, robert.fair@finra.org and

5

carolyn.oleary@finra.org, with a copy to EnforcementNotice@finra.org. Upon

written requi

est showing good cause, FINRA staff may extend this deadline.

Respondent agrees to pay the monetary sanction upon notice that this AWC has been
accepted and that such payment is due and payable. Respondent has submitted an
Election of Payment form showing the method by which it proposes to pay the fine
imposed.

Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim an inability to pay, now
or at any time after the execution of this AWC, the monetary sanction imposed in this

matter.

The sanctions impo}

sed in this AWC shall be effective on a date set by FINRA.

I.

WAIVER OF PROCEDURAL RIGHTS

Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives the following rights granted under FINRA’s

Code of Procedure: |

A.

B.

To have ac

mplaint issued specifying the allegations against it:

To be notified of the complaint and have the opportunity to answer the allegations

in writing;

To defend against the allegations in a disciplinary hearing before a hearing panel,

to have a wr
issued; and

itten record of the hearing made, and to have a written decision

To appeal any such decision to the National Adjudicatory Council (NAC) and
then to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and a U.S. Court of

Appeals.

Further, Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim bias or prejudgment

of the Chief Legal Officer,

the NAC, or any member of the NAC, in connection with such

person’s or body’s participation in discussions regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC,
or other consideration of this AWC, including its acceptance or rejection.

Respondent further specifi
the ex parte prohibitions o

Heed and voluntarily waives any right to claim that a person violated

FINRA Rule 9143 or the separation of functions prohibitions of

FINRA Rule 9144, in connection with such person’s or body’s participation in discussions
regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC, or other consideration of this AWC, including
its acceptance or rejection.

UI.

Respondent understands that:

A.

OTHER MATTERS

Submission of this AWC is voluntary and will not resolve this matter unless and
until it has been reviewed and accepted by the NAC, a Review Subcommittee of
the NAC, or the Office of Disciplinary Affairs (ODA), pursuant to FINRA Rule

9216;

If this AWC is not accepted, its submission will not be used as evidence to prove
any of the allegations against Respondent; and

If accepted:

L.

this AWC will become part of Respondent’s permanent disciplinary
record and may be considered in any future action brought by FINRA or
any other regulator against Respondent;

this AWC will be made available through FINRA’s public disclosure
program in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313;

FINRA may make a public announcement concerning this agreement and
its subject matter in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313; and

Respondent may not take any action or make or permit to be made any
public statement, including in regulatory filings or otherwise, denying,
directly or indirectly, any finding in this AWC or create the impression
that : AWC is without factual basis. Respondent may not take any

position in any proceeding brought by or on behalf of FINRA, or to which
FINRA is a party, that is inconsistent with any part of this AWC. Nothing
in this provision affects Respondent’s right to take legal or factual
positions in litigation or other legal proceedings in which FINRA is not a
party. Nothing in this provision affects Respondent’s testimonial
obligations in any litigation or other legal proceedings.

Respondent may attach a corrective action statement to this AWC that is a
statement of demonstrable corrective steps taken to prevent future misconduct.
Respondent understands that it may not deny the charges or make any statement
that is inconsistent with the AWC in this statement. This statement does not
constitute factual or legal findings by FINRA, nor does it reflect the views of

FINRA.

The undersigned, on behalf of Respondent, certifies that a person duly authorized to act on
Respondent’s behalf has read and understands all of the provisions of this AWC and has been
given a full opportunity to ask questions about it; that Respondent has agreed to the AWC’s
provisions voluntarily; and that no offer, threat, inducement, or promise of any kind, other than
the terms set forth in this AWC and the prospect of avoiding the issuance of a complaint, has
been made to induce Respondent to submit this AWC.

7

2-3-2023 Thie 4) Goste

Date Laidlaw & Company (UK) Ltd.
Respondent
Print Name: Theo S Basis

Title: Chief Compliance Officer

yéinsél for Respondent

chenzia Ross Ference LLP

1185 Avenue of the Americas, 31st Floor
New York, New York 10036

Accepted by FINRA:

Signed on behalf of the
Director of ODA, by delegated authority

February 17, 2023 bof, dn

Date Carolyn O’Leary
Senior Counsel
FINRA
Department of Enforcement
Brookfield Place
200 Liberty Street
New York, New York 10281
