TO:

RE:

FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY
LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE, WAIVER, AND CONSENT
NO. 2020068071402

Department of Enforcement
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)

Transamerica Capital, Inc. (Respondent)
Member Firm
CRD No. 8217

Pursuant to FINRA Rule 9216, Respondent Transamerica Capital, Inc. submits this Letter of
Acceptance, Waiver, and Consent (AWC) for the purpose of proposing a settlement of the
alleged rule violations described below. This AWC is submitted on the condition that, if
accepted, FINRA will not bring any future actions against Respondent alleging violations based
on the same factual findings described in this AWC.

I.
ACCEPTANCE AND CONSENT

Respondent accepts and consents to the following findings by FINRA without admitting
or denying them:

BACKGROUND

Transamerica Capital, Inc. (TCI) has been a registered broker-dealer since 1980 and is
located in Denver, Colorado. The firm has approximately 400 registered representatives
and 27 branches. TCI is the principal underwriter and distributor of variable life
insurance and variable annuity products issued by its affiliates, Transamerica Life
Insurance Company and Transamerica Financial Insurance Company (Transamerica
variable products). TCI enters into selling agreements with other broker-dealers, who, in
turn, sell Transamerica variable products to their customers. These broker-dealers and the
owners of Transamerica variable products can contact call centers relating to
Transamerica variable products and other Transamerica insurance products
(Transamerica call centers).

OVERVIEW

From December 2019 to February 2021, TCI failed to register, or timely register, a
cumulative total of more than 400 call center workers employed by a third-party vendor
(call center personnel) who engaged in securities business on TCI’s behalf in capacities
that required registration. Therefore, the firm violated FINRA Rules 1210 and 2010.

FACTS AND VIOLATIVE CONDUCT

This matter originated from a September 24, 2020 Form US filing disclosing the
termination of an associated but unregistered person of TCI who worked at a
Transamerica call center.

FINRA Rule 1210 provides that “[e]ach person engaged in the . . . securities business of a
member shall be registered with FINRA as a representative or principal in each category
of registration appropriate to his or her functions and responsibilities as specified in

Rule 1220, unless exempt from registration pursuant to Rule 1230.”

FINRA Rule 1230 Supplementary Material .01 states that “[t]he function of accepting
customer orders is not considered a clerical or ministerial function,” and “[e]ach person
associated with a member who accepts customer orders under any circumstances shall be
registered in an appropriate registration category pursuant to Rule 1220.” Regulatory
Notice 17-30 likewise makes clear that “[b]eginning on October 1, 2018, unregistered
persons cannot accept an order from a customer under any circumstances.”!

FINRA Rule 2010 states that “[a] member, in the conduct of its business, shall observe
high standards of commercial honor and just and equitable principles of trade.” A
violation of FINRA Rule 1210 also constitutes a violation of FINRA Rule 2010.

During the period December 2019 to February 2021, a cumulative total of more than 400
call center personnel were not registered, or timely registered, despite their engaging in
conduct requiring registration. During this time, TCI used a contracted, third-party
vendor to administer the Transamerica call centers to handle calls and requests from
Transamerica variable product policy holders who had transaction requests related to
securities. These securities transaction requests included customer orders for investment
of additional premiums, reallocations of contract value among subaccounts, and
withdrawals of contract value.

These call center personnel handling transaction requests related to securities were
associated persons of TCI, and thus required to be registered in the category of
registration appropriate to his or her functions. Although TCI determined to register
certain of the call center personnel prior to the relevant period herein, and had advised
FINRA of that fact, the firm failed to register, or timely register, these individuals before
they engaged in the conduct requiring registration described above. By February 2021,
the firm had made changes to the Transamerica call centers with regard to the handling of
policy holder requests relating to Transamerica variable products, had approximately 175
individuals registered with TCI who handled policy holder requests relating to
Transamerica variable products, and had established policies, procedures, and systems

' See also Regulatory Notice 05-48 (“[A]ny third-party service providers conducting activities or functions that
require registration and qualification under [FINRA] rules will generally be considered associated persons of the
member and be required to have all necessary registrations and qualifications.”).

prohibiting call center personnel who were not registered from addressing transaction
requests involving Transamerica variable products.

Therefore, TCI violated FINRA Rules 1210 and 2010.
B. Respondent also consents to the imposition of the following sanctions:
. a censure; and
. a $500,000 fine.
Respondent agrees to pay the monetary sanction upon notice that this AWC has been
accepted and that such payment is due and payable. Respondent has submitted an
Election of Payment form showing the method by which it proposes to pay the fine
imposed.
Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim an inability to pay, now
or at any time after the execution of this AWC, the monetary sanction imposed in this
matter.
The sanctions imposed in this AWC shall be effective on a date set by FINRA.
IL.
WAIVER OF PROCEDURAL RIGHTS

Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives the following rights granted under FINRA’s
Code of Procedure:

A. To have a complaint issued specifying the allegations against it;

B. To be notified of the complaint and have the opportunity to answer the allegations
in writing;

C. To defend against the allegations in a disciplinary hearing before a hearing panel,
to have a written record of the hearing made, and to have a written decision
issued; and

D. To appeal any such decision to the National Adjudicatory Council (NAC) and
then to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and a U.S. Court of
Appeals.

Further, Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim bias or prejudgment
of the Chief Legal Officer, the NAC, or any member of the NAC, in connection with such
person’s or body’s participation in discussions regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC,
or other consideration of this AWC, including its acceptance or rejection.

Respondent further specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim that a person violated
the ex parte prohibitions of FINRA Rule 9143 or the separation of functions prohibitions of
FINRA Rule 9144, in connection with such person’s or body’s participation in discussions
regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC, or other consideration of this AWC, including
its acceptance or rejection.

Til.

OTHER MATTERS

Respondent understands that:

A.

Submission of this AWC is voluntary and will not resolve this matter unless and
until it has been reviewed and accepted by the NAC, a Review Subcommittee of
the NAC, or the Office of Disciplinary Affairs (ODA), pursuant to FINRA Rule
9216;

If this AWC is not accepted, its submission will not be used as evidence to prove
any of the allegations against Respondent; and

If accepted:

1. this AWC will become part of Respondent’s permanent disciplinary
record and may be considered in any future action brought by FINRA or
any other regulator against Respondent;

2 this AWC will be made available through FINRA’s public disclosure
program in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313;

3. FINRA may make a public announcement concerning this agreement and
its subject matter in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313; and

4. Respondent may not take any action or make or permit to be made any
public statement, including in regulatory filings or otherwise, denying,
directly or indirectly, any finding in this AWC or create the impression
that the AWC is without factual basis. Respondent may not take any
position in any proceeding brought by or on behalf of FINRA, or to which
FINRA is a party, that is inconsistent with any part of this AWC. Nothing
in this provision affects Respondent’s right to take legal or factual
positions in litigation or other legal proceedings in which FINRA is not a
party. Nothing in this provision affects Respondent’s testimonial
obligations in any litigation or other legal proceedings.

Respondent may attach a corrective action statement to this AWC that is a
statement of demonstrable corrective steps taken to prevent future misconduct.
Respondent understands that it may not deny the charges or make any statement
that is inconsistent with the AWC in this statement. This statement does not

4

constitute factual or legal findings by FINRA, nor does it reflect the views of
FINRA.

The undersigned, on behalf of Respondent, certifies that a person duly authorized to act on
Respondent’s behalf has read and understands all of the provisions of this AWC and has been
given a full opportunity to ask questions about it; that Respondent has agreed to the AWC’s
provisions voluntarily; and that no offer, threat, inducement, or promise of any kind, other than
the terms set forth in this AWC and the prospect of avoiding the issuance of a complaint, has
been made to induce Respondent to submit this AWC.

March 8, 2023 Dawid Curry

Date Transamerica Capital, Inc.

Respondent
David Curry
Print Name:
President & CEO

Title:

Reviewed by:

raw |. Kubiv

Brian Rubin

Counsel for Respondent

Eversheds Sutherland (US) LLP

700 6 St. NW

Washington, DC 20001

Accepted by FINRA:
Signed on behalf of the

Director of ODA, by delegated authority

March 8, 2023 “Marya Kurenan,

Date Maya Krugman
Senior Counsel
FINRA
Department of Enforcement
200 Liberty Street
New York, NY 10821

