FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY
LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE, WAIVER AND CONSENT
NO. 2018060520901

TO: Department of Enforcement
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)

RE: SpeedRoute LLC (Respondent)
Member Firm
CRD No. 104138

Pursuant to FINRA Rule 9216, Respondent SpeedRoute LLC submits this Letter of Acceptance,
Waiver, and Consent (AWC) for the purpose of proposing a settlement of the alleged rule
violations described below. This AWC is submitted on the condition that, if accepted, FINRA
will not bring any future actions against Respondent alleging violations based on the same
factual findings described in this AWC.

I.

ACCEPTANCE AND CONSENT

A. Respondent accepts and consents to the following findings by FINRA without admitting
or denying them:

BACKGROUND

SpeedRoute has been a FINRA member since August 2000. The firm provides market
access and routing/execution services to broker-dealer clients on an agency basis.
SpeedRoute does not engage in retail, institutional, or proprietary trading. The firm is
headquartered in Jersey City, NJ, and has twelve registered representatives. !

OVERVIEW

From September 2016 through February 2019, SpeedRoute accepted market orders for
the purchase of shares of new issues in the secondary market prior to the commencement
of trading of those shares in the secondary market. As a result, SpeedRoute violated
FINRA Rules 5131(d)(4) and 2010.

Additionally, from September 2016 through June 2019, SpeedRoute failed to establish
and maintain a supervisory system, including written supervisory procedures, reasonably
designed to achieve compliance with FINRA Rule 5131(d)(4). As a result, SpeedRoute
violated FINRA Rules 3110 and 2010.

' For more information about the firm, including prior regulatory events, visit BrokerCheck® at
www finra.org/brokercheck.

FACTS AND VIOLATIVE CONDUCT
This matter originated from FINRA’s examination of SpeedRoute.

SpeedRoute improperly accepted market orders for the purchases of shares of new
issues.

FINRA Rule 5131(d)(4) states: “[n]o member may accept a market order for the purchase
of shares of a new issue in the secondary market prior to the commencement of trading of
such shares in the secondary market.” A violation of FINRA Rule 5131(d)(4) also is a
violation of FINRA Rule 2010, which states that “[a] member, in the conduct of its
business, shall observe high standards of commercial honor and just and equitable
principles of trade.”

In 2010, in Regulatory Notice 10-60, FINRA reminded firms that FINRA Rule 5131 is
designed to enhance public confidence in the initial public offering process and protect
investors from the volatility and potential price fluctuations between the public offering
price of the new issue and price at which trading in the secondary market commences.

From September 2016 through February 2019, SpeedRoute accepted 128 market orders
to purchase shares in the secondary market of 49 new issues prior to the commencement
of trading of those shares in the secondary market. Therefore, SpeedRoute violated
FINRA Rules 5131(d)(4) and 2010.

SpeedRoute failed to establish, maintain and enforce a supervisory system, including
written supervisory procedures, reasonably designed to comply with its FINRA Rule
5131(d)(4) obligations.

FINRA Rule 3110(a) requires that FINRA members “establish and maintain a system to
supervise the activities of each associated person that is reasonably designed to achieve
compliance with applicable securities laws and regulations, and with applicable FINRA
rules.” FINRA Rule 3110(b) requires FINRA members to “establish, maintain, and
enforce written procedures to supervise the types of business in which it engages and the
activities of its associated persons that are reasonably designed to achieve compliance
with applicable securities laws and regulations, and with applicable FINRA rules.”

From September 2016 to June 2019, SpeedRoute lacked a reasonable supervisory system,
including written supervisory procedures, pertaining to market orders in new issues. For
part of the period, the written procedures placed the responsibility of compliance on
SpeedRoute’s broker-dealer clients by stating that those customers should reject market
orders not in compliance with the rule. However, the written procedures failed to set forth
any process to surveil for instances in which SpeedRoute accepted a market order for the
purchase of shares of a new issue prior to secondary market trading.

In February 2019, SpeedRoute implemented a system to reject market orders in new
issues prior to trading in the secondary market and updated its written supervisory
procedures. In July 2019, SpeedRoute implemented an exception report designed to
detect instances in which it received and rejected a market order to purchase shares of a

ew)

new issue. In October 2021, SpeedRoute further enhanced its procedures by
implementing a monthly manual review to ensure that the firm’s automatic hard blocks
were working as expected.

By failing to have a reasonable supervisory system, including written supervisory
procedures reasonably designed to comply with its FINRA Rule 5131(d)(4) requirements,
SpeedRoute violated FINRA Rules 3110 and 2010.
B. Respondent also consents to the imposition of the following sanctions:

1. A censure; and

2. A fine of $45,000.
Respondent agrees to pay the monetary sanction upon notice that this AWC has been
accepted and that such payment is due and payable. Respondent has submitted an
Election of Payment form showing the method by which it proposes to pay the fine
imposed.
Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim an inability to pay, now
or at any time after the execution of this AWC, the monetary sanction imposed in this
matter.
The sanctions imposed in this AWC shall be effective on a date set by FINRA.

IL.
WAIVER OF PROCEDURAL RIGHTS

Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives the following rights granted under FINRA’s
Code of Procedure:

A. To have a complaint issued specifying the allegations against it;

B. To be notified of the complaint and have the opportunity to answer the allegations
in writing;

C. To defend against the allegations in a disciplinary hearing before a hearing panel,
to have a written record of the hearing made, and to have a written decision
issued; and

D. To appeal any such decision to the National Adjudicatory Council (NAC) and
then to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and a U.S. Court of
Appeals.

Further, Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim bias or prejudgment
of the Chief Legal Officer, the NAC, or any member of the NAC, in connection with such

person’s or body’s participation in discussions regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC,
or other consideration of this AWC, including its acceptance or rejection.

Respondent further specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim that a person violated
the ex parte prohibitions of FINRA Rule 9143 or the separation of functions prohibitions of
FINRA Rule 9144, in connection with such person’s or body’s participation in discussions
regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC, or other consideration of this AWC, including
its acceptance or rejection.

Il.
OTHER MATTERS
Respondent understands that:
A. Submission of this AWC is voluntary and will not resolve this matter unless and

until it has been reviewed and accepted by the NAC, a Review Subcommittee of
the NAC, or the Office of Disciplinary Affairs (ODA), pursuant to FINRA Rule
9216;

B. If this AWC is not accepted, its submission will not be used as evidence to prove
any of the allegations against Respondent; and

CG. If accepted:

1. this AWC will become part of Respondent’s permanent disciplinary
record and may be considered in any future action brought by FINRA or
any other regulator against Respondent;

2: this AWC will be made available through FINRA’s public disclosure
program in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313;

3. FINRA may make a public announcement concerning this agreement and
its subject matter in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313; and

4. Respondent may not take any action or make or permit to be made any
public statement, including in regulatory filings or otherwise, denying,
directly or indirectly, any finding in this AWC or create the impression
that the AWC is without factual basis. Respondent may not take any
position in any proceeding brought by or on behalf of FINRA, or to which
FINRA is a party, that is inconsistent with any part of this AWC. Nothing
in this provision affects Respondent’s right to take legal or factual
positions in litigation or other legal proceedings in which FINRA is not a
party. Nothing in this provision affects Respondent’s testimonial
obligations in any litigation or other legal proceedings.

D. Respondent may attach a corrective action statement to this AWC that is a
statement of demonstrable corrective steps taken to prevent future misconduct.

4

Respondent understands that it may not deny the charges or make any statement
that is inconsistent with the AWC in this statement. This statement does not
constitute factual or legal findings by FINRA, nor does it reflect the views of
FINRA

The undersigned, on behalf of Respondent, certifies that a person duly authorized to act on
Respondent’s behalf has read and understands all of the provisions of this AWC and has been
given a full opportunity to ask questions about it; that Respondent has agreed to the AWC’s
provisions voluntarily; and that no offer, threat, inducement, or promise of any kind, other than
the terms set forth in this AWC and the prospect of avoiding the issuance of a complaint, has
been made to induce Respondent to submit this AWC.

april 3, 2023 Aloe Vlestakia
Date SpeedRoute LLC
Respondent

Name: Alex Vlastakis
Title: _ President

Reviewed by:

formes Bombachs

James Dombach

Counsel for Respondent

Davis Wright Tremaine LLP

1185 Avenue of the Americas, 21st Floor
New York, NY 10036

Accepted by FINRA:

Signed on behalf of the
Director of ODA, by delegated authority

April 4, 2023 Si MM. ta
Date Steven M. Tanner
Senior Counsel
FINRA
Department of Enforcement
200 Liberty Street
New York, NY 10281
