NYSE AMERICAN LLC
LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE, WAIVER, AND CONSENT
NO. 2022-06-30-00019

TO: NYSE AMERICAN LLC

RE: — Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Respondent
CRD No. 7059

Citigroup Global Markets Inc. violated NYSE American Rule 16 (Business Conduct) by
failing to adhere to principles of good business practice in its handling of a customer
options order on March 8, 2022. Consent to a censure and $45,000 fine.

* * *

Pursuant to Rule 9216 of the NYSE American LLC (“NYSE American” or the “Exchange’’)
Code of Procedure, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (““CGMI” or the “Firm”) submits this Letter of
Acceptance, Waiver, and Consent (“AWC”) for the purpose of proposing a settlement of the
alleged rule violations described below. This AWC is submitted on the condition that, if
accepted, NYSE American will not bring any future actions against the Firm alleging violations
based on the same factual findings described herein.

I. ACCEPTANCE AND CONSENT

A. CGM hereby accepts and consents, without admitting or denying the findings, and solely
for the purposes of this proceeding and any other proceeding brought by or on behalf of
NYSE American, or to which NYSE American is a party, prior to a hearing and without
an adjudication of any issue of law or fact, to the entry of the following findings by
NYSE American:

BACKGROUND AND JURISDICTION

1. CGMLIis registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission as a broker-dealer
and investment adviser and has been a member of NYSE American since February
1988. Its principal place of business is in New York, New York.

VIOLATIONS

2. NYSE American Rule 16 requires every member and member organization to “at all
times adhere to the principles of good business practice in the conduct of its business
affairs”

3. On March 8, 2022, a trader on CGMI’s Equity Derivatives desk, who had worked in
the industry for approximately six months, received a customer order to buy 1,000
puts “best way,” with no price instruction. The CGMI trader then instructed a floor

broker on NYSE American to execute the order, with CGMI crossing 342 of the
1,000 contracts and the floor broker seeking liquidity for the remaining 658 contracts.

While the floor broker was seeking additional liquidity, the price of the options
contracts began increasing, and the CGMI trader instructed the floor broker, “just try
to get them done, we can stop them at 2.20.” The floor broker asked whether the
trader was “committed” at that price, which the CGMI trader mistakenly confirmed.
The floor broker executed three contracts electronically at $2.19 and systematized
the remaining 997 contracts at $2.20 with CGMI on the other side. The order was
announced in open outcry and released at 12:24:08 p.m.

. The CGMI trader then called the floor broker seeking to cancel the order at 12:24:29

p.m. The floor broker informed the CGMI trader that they had purchased three
contracts electronically, and that 50 contracts had traded in the trading crowd on the
NYSE American floor. The floor broker further told the CGMI trader that the trading
crowd would, “probably be okay busting that if you want to bust the whole trade,”
which should have served as an indication to the CGMI trader that the order had been
executed. The trader, however, confirmed he wanted to cancel the trade, believing
that it was an unexecuted order.

. The CGMI trader subsequently executed 997 contracts electronically for $2.55, a
worse price for the customer than the original $2.20 execution price, resulting in
$34,895 in harm to CGMI’s customer.

. Accordingly, CGMI failed to adhere to the principles of good business practice in
violation of NYSE American Rule 16.

RELEVANT PRIOR DISCIPLINARY HISTORY

On April 16, 2020, CGMI consented to a censure and fine of $95,000 for violating
NYSE American Rule 16 in connection with the handling of a customer options
order. See NYSE American Matter No. 2017-11-00111.

OTHER FACTORS CONSIDERED

In determining to resolve this matter on the basis set forth herein, NYSE Regulation
took into consideration, among other things, that the Firm offered restitution to its
customer in the amount of $34,895, which the customer accepted, and certain
remedial measures taken by the Firm.

SANCTIONS

The Firm also consents to the imposition of the following sanctions:

. Censure and fine in the amount of $45,000

The Firm agrees to pay the monetary sanction(s) upon notice that this AWC has been
accepted and that such payment(s) are due and payable. The Firm has submitted a

2

Method of Payment Confirmation form showing the method by which it will pay the fine
imposed.

The Firm specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim that it is unable to pay,
now or at any time hereafter, the monetary sanction(s) imposed in this matter.

Il. WAIVER OF PROCEDURAL RIGHTS

The Firm specifically and voluntarily waives the following rights granted under the NYSE
American Code of Procedure:

A. To have a Formal Complaint issued specifying the allegations against the Firm;

B. To be notified of the Formal Complaint and have the opportunity to answer the
allegations in writing;

C. To defend against the allegations in a disciplinary hearing before a hearing panel,
to have a written record of the hearing made and to have a written decision issued;
and

D. To appeal any such decision to the Exchange’s Board of Directors and then to the

U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and a U.S. Court of Appeals.

Further, the Firm specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim bias or prejudgment of
the Chief Regulatory Officer of NYSE American; the Exchange’s Board of Directors,
Disciplinary Action Committee (“DAC”), and Committee for Review (“CFR”); any Director,
DAC member, or CFR member; Counsel to the Exchange Board of Directors or CFR; any other
NYSE American employee; or any Regulatory Staff as defined in Rule 9120 in connection with
such person’s or body’s participation in discussions regarding the terms and conditions of this
AWC, or other consideration of this AWC, including acceptance or rejection of this AWC.

The Firm further specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim that a person violated the
ex parte communication prohibitions of Rule 9143 or the separation of functions prohibitions of
Rule 9144, in connection with such person’s or body’s participation in discussions regarding the
terms and conditions of this AWC, or other consideration of this AWC, including its acceptance
or rejection.

lil. OTHER MATTERS
The Firm understands that:

A. Submission of this AWC is voluntary and will not resolve this matter unless and
until it has been reviewed by NYSE Regulation, and accepted by the Chief
Regulatory Officer of NYSE American pursuant to NYSE American Rule 9216;

B. If this AWC is not accepted, its submission will not be used as evidence to prove
any of the allegations against the Firm; and

Cc. If accepted:

1. The AWC shall be sent to each Director and each member of the Committee
for Review via courier, express delivery or electronic means, and shall be
deemed final and shall constitute the complaint, answer, and decision in the
matter, 10 days after it is sent to each Director and each member of the
Committee for Review, unless review by the Exchange Board of Directors is
requested pursuant to NYSE American Rule 9310(a)(1)(B);

2. This AWC will become part of the Firm’s permanent disciplinary record and
may be considered in any future actions brought by the Exchange, or any
other regulator against the Firm;

3. NYSE American shall publish a copy of the AWC on its website in
accordance with NYSE American Rule 8313;

4. NYSE American may make a public announcement concerning this
agreement and the subject matter thereof in accordance with NYSE American
Rule 8313; and

5. The Firm may not take any action or make or permit to be made any public
statement, including in regulatory filings or otherwise, denying, directly or
indirectly, any finding in this AWC or create the impression that the AWC is
without factual basis. The Firm may not take any position in any proceeding
brought by or on behalf of the Exchange, or to which the Exchange is a party,
that is inconsistent with any part of this AWC. Nothing in this provision
affects the Firm’s (1) testimonial obligations; or (ii) right to take legal or
factual positions in litigation or other legal proceedings in which the
Exchange is not a party.

D. A signed copy of this AWC and the accompanying Method of Payment
Confirmation form delivered by email, facsimile or other means of electronic
transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an
original signed copy.

E. The Firm may attach a Corrective Action Statement to this AWC that is a
statement of demonstrable corrective steps taken to prevent future misconduct.
The Firm understands that it may not deny the charges or make any statement that
is inconsistent with the AWC in this Statement. Any such statement does not
constitute factual or legal findings by the Exchange, nor does it reflect the views
of NYSE Regulation or its staff.

The Firm certifies that, in connection with each of the Exchange’s requests for information in
connection with this matter, the Firm made a diligent inquiry of all persons and systems that
reasonably had possession of responsive documents and that all responsive documents have been
produced. In agreeing to the AWC, the Exchange has relied upon, among other things, the
completeness of the document productions.

The undersigned, on behalf of the Firm, certifies that a person duly authorized to act on its behalf
has read and understands all of the provisions of this AWC and has been given a full opportunity
to ask questions about it; that it has agreed to the AWC’s provisions voluntarily; and that no
offer, threat, inducement, or promise of any kind, other than the terms set forth herein and the
prospect of avoiding the issuance of a Complaint, has been made to induce the firm to submit it.

3/14/23
Citigroup Global Markets Inc.,
Date Respondent

By:
Mary Reisert
Managing Director

Accepted by NYSE Regulation

March 14, 2023 Keont Bagluy

Date Kassie Bagley
Enforcement Counsel
NYSE Regulation

Signed on behalf of NYSE American LLC,
by delegated authority from its Chief
Regulatory Officer
