TO:

RE:

FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY
LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE, WAIVER, AND CONSENT
NO. 2021069378801

Department of Enforcement
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)

Aeon Capital Inc. (Respondent)
Member Firm
CRD No. 164004

Pursuant to FINRA Rule 9216, Respondent Aeon Capital Inc. submits this Letter of Acceptance,
Waiver, and Consent (AWC) for the purpose of proposing a settlement of the alleged rule
violations described below. This AWC is submitted on the condition that, if accepted, FINRA
will not bring any future actions against Respondent alleging violations based on the same
factual findings described in this AWC.

I.
ACCEPTANCE AND CONSENT

Respondent accepts and consents to the following findings by FINRA without admitting
or denying them:

BACKGROUND

Aeon has been a FINRA member since February 2013. The firm is headquartered in New
York, New York, and employs six registered representatives. The firm’s business
includes investment banking. !

OVERVIEW

Between May 2020 and March 2021, and again between May and October 2021, Aeon
conducted a securities business while failing to maintain the minimum required net
capital. As a result, Aeon violated Section 15(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
Exchange Act Rule 15c3-1, and FINRA Rules 4110 and 2010. During those same
periods, Aeon failed to timely file with the SEC and FINRA notices of its net capital
deficiencies, and filed with FINRA inaccurate Financial and Operational Combined
Uniform Single (FOCUS) reports. In addition, between May 2020 and March 2021, Aeon
failed to maintain books and records reflecting an accurate computation of its aggregate
indebtedness and net capital. As a result, Aeon violated Exchange Act § 17(a), Exchange
Act Rules 17a-3, 17a-5, and 17a-11, and FINRA Rules 4511 and 2010.

' For more information about the firm, including prior regulatory events, visit BrokerCheck® at
www.finra.org/brokercheck.

FACTS AND VIOLATIVE CONDUCT
This matter originated from a cycle examination of the firm.

1. Aeon conducted a securities business while failing to maintain the required
minimum net capital.

Exchange Act § 15(c) and Exchange Act Rule 15c3-1 require broker-dealers to maintain
certain minimum levels of net capital. FINRA Rule 4110(b)(1) requires member firms to
suspend all business operations during any period in which they are not in compliance
with applicable net-capital requirements as set forth in Exchange Act Rule 15c3-1.
Violations of Exchange Act § 15(c), Exchange Act Rule 15c3-1, and FINRA Rule 4110
also constitute violations of FINRA Rule 2010, which requires members, in the conduct
of their business, to “observe high standards of commercial honor and just and equitable
principles of trade.”

On May 21, 2020, Aeon received a $150,000 loan from the Small Business
Administration through the Economic Injury Disaster Loan (EIDL) program, which the
federal government initiated in 2020 to assist small businesses as a result of the COVID-
19 pandemic. Receipt of the EIDL loan increased the firm’s aggregate indebtedness and
therefore increased the firm’s required minimum net capital. The firm, however, failed to
include the value of the loan when calculating its aggregate indebtedness, which caused
the firm to inaccurately calculate its required net capital. As a result, Aeon’s net capital
fell below the required minimum on May 21, 2020, and remained below it through March
30, 2021, when the firm added capital. Aeon conducted a securities business on 160 days
during that period.

Separately, in April 2021, Aeon began selling stock warrants of a biotechnology
company it had received as compensation for its participation in a private placement. On
May 10, 2021, Aeon effected its eleventh sale of the warrants, which constituted the
firm’s eleventh transaction for its own investment account during calendar year 2021 and
which increased the firm’s required net capital pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 15c3-
1(a)(2)(iii)(B).” Aeon, however, did not have the required minimum net capital until
October 25, 2021, when the firm added capital. Aeon conducted a securities business on
54 days between May 10 and October 25, 2021.

Based on the foregoing, Aeon violated Exchange Act § 15(c), Exchange Act Rule 15c3-1,
and FINRA Rules 4110 and 2010.

2. Aeon failed to file required notices of its net capital deficiencies.

Exchange Act § 17(a) and Exchange Act Rule 17a-11(a) require broker-dealers whose net
capital declines below the minimum amount to give “notice of such deficiency that same

? Exchange Act Rule 15c3-1(a)(2)(iii)(B) requires a broker-dealer to maintain net capital of not less than $100,000
when it “effects more than ten transactions in any one calendar year for its own investment account.”

day” to FINRA and the SEC. Violations of Exchange Act § 17(a) and Exchange Act
Rules 17a-11 constitute violations of FINRA Rule 2010.

Aeon failed to timely file the required notices for both of the net capital deficiency
periods discussed above: (1) May 21, 2020-March 30, 2021; and (11) May 10-October 25,
2021. Aeon did not file net capital deficiency notices with FINRA or the SEC until April
5, 2021 (for the first deficiency period) and October 25, 2021 (for the second deficiency
period).

Based on the foregoing, Respondent violated Exchange Act § 17(a), Exchange Act Rule
17a-11, and FINRA Rule 2010.

3. Aeon failed to make and preserve accurate records of aggregate indebtedness
and net capital and filed inaccurate FOCUS Reports.

FINRA Rule 4511 requires each FINRA member to make and preserve books and
records in conformity with the Exchange Act and the applicable Exchange Act rules.
Exchange Act § 17(a) and Exchange Act Rule 17a-3(a)(11) require broker-dealers to
prepare aggregate indebtedness and net capital calculations “at least once a month.”
Exchange Act § 17(a) and Exchange Act Rule 17a-5 require member firms to timely file
Financial and Operational Combined Uniform Single (FOCUS) reports. Inherent in the
obligation to make and preserve books and record is the requirement that they be
accurate. Violations of Exchange Act § 17(a), Exchange Act Rules 17a-3 and 17a-5, and
FINRA Rule 4511 also constitute violations of FINRA Rule 2010.

Between May 2020 and March 2021, Aeon failed to include the value of the EIDL loan
as a liability and when calculating its aggregate indebtedness. This caused the firm to
prepare and maintain inaccurate aggregate indebtedness and net capital computations.
During that period, the firm filed 11 FOCUS reports that inaccurately stated the firm’s
aggregate indebtedness, minimum required net capital, net capital, and excess net capital.

Separately, between May 2021 and October 2021, Aeon failed to account for the firm’s

required net capital increase, which was triggered on May 10, 2021. During that period,

Aeon filed five FOCUS reports that inaccurately stated its minimum required net capital
and excess net capital.

Based on the foregoing, Respondent violated Exchange Act § 17(a), Exchange Act Rules
17a-3 and 17a-5, and FINRA Rules 4511 and 2010.

Respondent also consents to the imposition of the following sanctions:

- a censure and

. a $10,000 fine.?

Respondent agrees to pay the monetary sanction upon notice that this AWC has been
accepted and that such payment is due and payable. Respondent has submitted an
Election of Payment form showing the method by which it proposes to pay the fine
imposed.

Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim an inability to pay, now
or at any time after the execution of this AWC, the monetary sanction imposed in this
matter.
The sanctions imposed in this AWC shall be effective on a date set by FINRA.
IL.
WAIVER OF PROCEDURAL RIGHTS

Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives the following rights granted under FINRA’s
Code of Procedure:

A. To have a complaint issued specifying the allegations against it;

B. To be notified of the complaint and have the opportunity to answer the allegations
in writing;

C, To defend against the allegations in a disciplinary hearing before a hearing panel,
to have a written record of the hearing made, and to have a written decision
issued; and

D. To appeal any such decision to the National Adjudicatory Council (NAC) and
then to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and a U.S. Court of
Appeals.

Further, Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim bias or prejudgment
of the Chief Legal Officer, the NAC, or any member of the NAC, in connection with such
person’s or body’s participation in discussions regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC,
or other consideration of this AWC, including its acceptance or rejection.

Respondent further specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim that a person violated
the ex parte prohibitions of FINRA Rule 9143 or the separation of functions prohibitions of
FINRA Rule 9144, in connection with such person’s or body’s participation in discussions
regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC, or other consideration of this AWC, including
its acceptance or rejection.

3 Pursuant to the General Principles Applicable to all Sanction Determinations contained in FINRA’s Sanction
Guidelines, FINRA imposed a lower fine in this case after it considered, among other things, Respondent’s revenues
and financial resources.

Til.

OTHER MATTERS

Respondent understands that:

A.

Submission of this AWC is voluntary and will not resolve this matter unless and
until it has been reviewed and accepted by the NAC, a Review Subcommittee of
the NAC, or the Office of Disciplinary Affairs (ODA), pursuant to FINRA Rule
9216;

If this AWC is not accepted, its submission will not be used as evidence to prove
any of the allegations against Respondent; and

If accepted:

1. this AWC will become part of Respondent’s permanent disciplinary
record and may be considered in any future action brought by FINRA or
any other regulator against Respondent;

2s this AWC will be made available through FINRA’s public disclosure
program in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313;

3. FINRA may make a public announcement concerning this agreement and
its subject matter in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313; and
4. Respondent may not take any action or make or permit to be made any

public statement, including in regulatory filings or otherwise, denying,
directly or indirectly, any finding in this AWC or create the impression
that the AWC is without factual basis. Respondent may not take any
position in any proceeding brought by or on behalf of FINRA, or to which
FINRA is a party, that is inconsistent with any part of this AWC. Nothing
in this provision affects Respondent’s right to take legal or factual
positions in litigation or other legal proceedings in which FINRA is not a
party. Nothing in this provision affects Respondent’s testimonial
obligations in any litigation or other legal proceedings.

Respondent may attach a corrective action statement to this AWC that is a
statement of demonstrable corrective steps taken to prevent future misconduct.
Respondent understands that it may not deny the charges or make any statement
that is inconsistent with the AWC in this statement. This statement does not
constitute factual or legal findings by FINRA, nor does it reflect the views of
FINRA.

The undersigned, on behalf of Respondent, certifies that a person duly authorized to act on
Respondent’s behalf has read and understands all of the provisions of this AWC and has been
given a full opportunity to ask questions about it; that Respondent has agreed to the AWC’s
provisions voluntarily; and that no offer, threat, inducement, or promise of any kind, other than
the terms set forth in this AWC and the prospect of avoiding the issuance of a complaint, has
been made to induce Respondent to submit this AWC.

February 23, 2023 $htve BAA NAT

Date Aeon Capital Inc.
Respondent
Stephen Brandt
Print Name:
. CCO-FINOP
Title:
Reviewed by:
Manin Sieg
Martin Siegel
Counsel for Respondent
Warshaw Burstein, LLP
575 Lexington Ave.
New York, NY 10022
Accepted by FINRA:
Signed on behalf of the
Director of ODA, by delegated authority
March 7, 2023 Noln Wy Moen
Date Matthew M. Ryan
Principal Counsel
FINRA

Department of Enforcement
1601 Market St., Suite 2700
Philadelphia, PA 19103-2339
