TO:

FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY
LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE, WAIVER, AND CONSENT
NO. 2022073705601

Department of Enforcement
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)

SageTrader, LLC
(Respondent) Member Firm
CRD No. 137862

Pursuant to FINRA Rule 9216, Respondent SageTrader, LLC submits this Letter of Acceptance,
Waiver, and Consent (AWC) for the purpose of proposing a settlement of the alleged rule
violations described below. This AWC is submitted on the condition that, if accepted, FINRA
will not bring any future actions against Respondent alleging violations based on the same
factual findings described in this AWC.

I.
ACCEPTANCE AND CONSENT

Respondent accepts and consents to the following findings by FINRA without admitting
or denying them:

BACKGROUND

SageTrader has been a FINRA member since May 2006. The firm conducts a general
securities business. SageTrader is headquartered in San Francisco, maintains one other
branch office, and employs eight registered persons.

On July 20, 2022, SageTrader entered into AWC No. 2017053210201, in which FINRA
found that the firm failed to reasonably supervise for potentially manipulative trading
from 2013 through 2019. The AWC imposed a censure and a fine of $775,000 (paid to
FINRA and eight exchanges) and required an undertaking that the firm review and revise
its supervisory system for detecting potentially manipulative trading by the firm’s
customers.!

OVERVIEW

From April 2016 through December 2019, SageTrader failed to establish and implement
anti-money laundering (AML) policies and procedures reasonably expected to detect and
cause the reporting of suspicious activity, in violation of FINRA Rules 3310(a) and 2010.

' For more information about the firm, including prior regulatory events, visit BrokerCheck® at
www finra.org/brokercheck.

FACTS AND VIOLATIVE CONDUCT

This matter originated from FINRA examinations of SageTrader.
SageTrader’s Business Model

From April 2016 through December 2019, SageTrader provided routing and execution
services to four domestic and foreign customers with hundreds to thousands of day
traders. The firm considered two of the four customers to be high AML risk. The firm’s
customers used SageTrader’s market participant identifiers (MPIDs) to route orders to an
alternative trading system and to exchanges.

SageTrader failed to establish and implement AML policies and procedures reasonably
expected to detect and cause the reporting of suspicious activity.

FINRA Rule 3310 requires that each member firm develop and implement a written
AML program reasonably designed to achieve and monitor the member’s compliance
with the requirements of the Bank Secrecy Act (31 U.S.C. 5311, et seq.) (BSA) and its
implementing regulations promulgated by the Department of the Treasury. Rule 3310(a)
further requires that each member firm “[e]stablish and implement policies and
procedures that can be reasonably expected to detect and cause the reporting of
transactions required under [the BSA] and the implementing regulations.” The
implementing regulation issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, 31 C.F.R. §
1023.320, requires broker-dealers to file with the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
“a report of any suspicious transactions relevant to a possible violation of law or
regulation.”

A violation of FINRA Rule 3310 also is a violation of FINRA Rule 2010, which requires
member firms to observe high standards of commercial honor and just and equitable
principles of trade in the conduct of their business.

NASD Notice to Members (NTM) 02-21 provided detailed guidance to member firms
about their obligation to monitor for and report potentially suspicious transactions. The
Notice reminded firms of their duty to look for “red flags” suggestive of money
laundering or other violative activity and provided a non-exhaustive list of such red flags.
The Notice also reminded firms that “the obligation to develop and implement an AML
compliance program is not a ‘one-size-fits-all’ requirement . . . [and] each financial
institution should . . . tailor its AML program to fit its business.” This Notice also
provided that “[b]roker/dealers should file a SAR [suspicious activity report] and in some
circumstances notify law enforcement authorities of all transactions that arouse
articulable suspicion that proceeds of criminal, terrorist, or corrupt activities may be
involved.”

From April 2016 through December 2019, SageTrader did not tailor its AML program to
reasonably monitor for and report suspicious activity in light of the firm’s business model
and customer base. SageTrader’s system for detecting and causing the reporting of
suspicious activity was predicated on its review of alerts generated by its automated third-

2

party surveillance system. The firm’s AML program directed all alerts to one individual
compliance officer at the firm. The firm’s AML program relied on the one compliance
officer to then determine whether alerts were “valid,” i.e., indicative of suspicious or
potentially manipulative activity. If so, the compliance officer would escalate the alerts to
the firm’s alert review committee, which met weekly, to review the alerts and consider
further action.

The compliance officer designated by the firm’s AML program to review the alerts had
no prior AML supervisory experience or training and the firm’s written AML procedures
and training materials did not provide reasonable guidance for determining whether the
alerts required follow-up or could be disregarded. The firm failed to provide any
guidance for determining whether the firm should file a SAR based on the alerts.

The firm’s failure to develop a reasonable written AML program resulted in the firm
creating a series of unwritten policies for addressing and escalating surveillance alerts.
The firm generally considered filing a SAR when at least three valid alerts involved a
single trader. As a result, the firm did not typically consider filing a SAR if there were
less than three valid alerts involving a single trader that were indicative of a pattern of
potentially suspicious or manipulative activity. This policy, in combination with the
following series of policies that the firm created for addressing and escalating
surveillance alerts, resulted in the firm failing to reasonably consider whether a particular
alert warranted the filing of a SAR.

First, from April 2016 to June 2018, SageTrader employed a “three-strike” policy for
reviewing alerts. Under the policy, if the firm determined an alert was “valid,” individual
traders were: (1) given a warning for the first alert; (2) suspended from trading on the
firm’s platform for one day for the second alert, and (3) terminated from accessing the
firm’s platform upon the third alert. Although the firm considered whether to file a SAR
after a third “valid” alert resulted in a trader’s termination, it typically failed to consider
whether to file a SAR after the first and second “valid” alerts. The firm’s WSPs, which
contained the firm’s AML Compliance Policy, unreasonably failed to address when the
firm should consider filing a SAR based on a first or second alert.

Second, from April 2016 to June 2018, the firm also terminated certain traders based on
external notice from a regulator or executing broker. However, the firm did not generally
consider filing a SAR when a trader was terminated based on external notice from a
regulator or executing broker.

Third, from June 2018 through December 2019, the firm replaced the “three-strike”
policy with a “one-strike” policy and began terminating traders’ access to the firm’s
platform after one “valid” alert. However, even when a trader was terminated under the
“one-strike” policy, the firm did not generally consider whether the trading required a
SAR filing.

As a result of the foregoing, SageTrader failed to establish and implement AML policies
and procedures reasonably expected to detect and cause the reporting of suspicious
activity. Therefore, Respondent violated FINRA Rules 3310(a) and 2010.

3

Respondent also consents to the imposition of the following sanctions:
7 a censure;
. a $100,000 fine; and

. an undertaking that, within 90 days of the date of the notice of acceptance of this
AWC, a member of Respondent’s senior management who is a registered
principal of the firm shall certify in writing that, as of the date of the certification,
the firm has remediated the issues identified in this AWC and implemented a
supervisory system, including written supervisory procedures, reasonably
designed to achieve compliance with FINRA Rules 3310 regarding the issues
identified in this AWC. The certification shall include a narrative description and
supporting exhibits sufficient to demonstrate Respondent’s remediation and
implementation. FINRA staff may request further evidence of Respondent’s
remediation and implementation, and Respondent agrees to provide such
evidence. Respondent shall submit the certification to John Guild, Senior Counsel
at John.Guild@finra.org, with a copy to EnforcementNotice@finra.org. Upon
written request showing good cause, FINRA staff may extend this deadline.

Respondent agrees to pay the monetary sanction upon notice that this AWC has been
accepted and that such payment is due and payable. Respondent has submitted an
Election of Payment form showing the method by which it proposes to pay the fine
imposed.

Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim an inability to pay, now
or at any time after the execution of this AWC, the monetary sanction imposed in this

matter.

The sanctions imposed in this AWC shall be effective on a date set by FINRA.

II.
WAIVER OF PROCEDURAL RIGHTS

Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives the following rights granted under FINRA’s
Code of Procedure:

A. To have a complaint issued specifying the allegations against it;

B. To be notified of the complaint and have the opportunity to answer the allegations
in writing;

C. To defend against the allegations in a disciplinary hearing before a hearing panel,
to have a written record of the hearing made, and to have a written decision
issued; and

D. To appeal any such decision to the National Adjudicatory Council (NAC) and
then to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and a U.S. Court of
Appeals.

Further, Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim bias or prejudgment
of the Chief Legal Officer, the NAC, or any member of the NAC, in connection with such
person’s or body’s participation in discussions regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC,
or other consideration of this AWC, including its acceptance or rejection.

Respondent further specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim that a person violated
the ex parte prohibitions of FINRA Rule 9143 or the separation of functions prohibitions of
FINRA Rule 9144, in connection with such person’s or body’s participation in discussions
regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC, or other consideration of this AWC, including
its acceptance or rejection.

Il.
OTHER MATTERS
Respondent understands that:
A. Submission of this AWC is voluntary and will not resolve this matter unless and

until it has been reviewed and accepted by the NAC, a Review Subcommittee of
the NAC, or the Office of Disciplinary Affairs (ODA), pursuant to FINRA Rule
9216;

B. If this AWC is not accepted, its submission will not be used as evidence to prove
any of the allegations against Respondent; and

Cc. If accepted:

this AWC will become part of Respondent’s permanent disciplinary
record and may be considered in any future action brought by FINRA or
any other regulator against Respondent;

this AWC will be made available through FINRA’s public disclosure
program in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313;

FINRA may make a public announcement concerning this agreement and
its subject matter in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313; and

Respondent may not take any action or make or permit to be made any
public statement, including in regulatory filings or otherwise, denying,
directly or indirectly, any finding in this AWC or create the impression
that the AWC is without factual basis. Respondent may not take any
position in any proceeding brought by or on behalf of FINRA, or to which
FINRA is a party, that is inconsistent with any part of this AWC. Nothing
in this provision affects Respondent’s right to take legal or factual
positions in litigation or other legal proceedings in which FINRA is not a
party. Nothing in this provision affects Respondent’s testimonial
obligations in any litigation or other legal proceedings.

Respondent may attach a corrective actiongtatement to this AWC that is a
statement of demonstrable corrective steps taken to prevent future misconduct.
Respondent understands that it may not deny the charges or make any statement
that is inconsistent with the AWC in this statement. This statement does not
constitute factual or legal findings by FINRA, nor does it reflect the views of
FINRA.

The undersigned, on behalf of Respondent, certifies that a person duly authorized to act on
Respondent’s behalf has read and understands all of the provisions of this AWC and has been
given a full opportunity to ask questions about it; that Respondent has agreed to the AWC’s
provisions voluntarily; and that no offer, threat, inducement, or promise of any kind, other than
the terms set forth in this AWC and the prospect of avoiding the issuance of a complaint, has
been made to induce Respondent to submit this AWC.

2/6/2023
Date

SageTrader,
Respondent

Print Name: De Vb uxt Ew brawl

Title: Pn wed exeunug aac

Reviewed by:

Susan Light :
Counsel for Respondent

Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP

50 Rockefeller Plaza
New York, NY 10020-1605

Accepted by FINRA:

2/7/2023

Date

Signed on behalf of the
Director of ODA, by delegated authority

/

John F. Guild

Senior Counsel

FINRA

Department of Enforcement

12801 N. Central Expy, Suite 1050
Dallas, TX 75243

FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY
LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE. WAIVER. AND CONSENT
NO. 2022073705601

Sage Trader
Corrective Action Statement

From April 2016 to June 2018, SageTrader employed a “three-strike” policy for
reviewing alerts, based on its belief that three valid alerts were necessary to have
sufficient evidence of a pattern to consider filing a SAR. Although SageTrader
occasionally terminated traders’ access to its platform after one valid alert, as well
as based on external notice from a regulator or executing broker, SageTrader
replaced the “three-strike” policy with a “one-strike” policy and began terminating
traders’ access to its platform after one “valid” alert after further discussions with
the SROs in 2018.

This Corrective Action Statement is submitted by the Respondent. It does not constitute
factual or legal findings by FINRA, nor does it reflect the views of FINRA, or its staff.
