UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Before the
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
Release No. 11153 / February 6, 2023

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Release No. 96805 / February 6, 2023

INVESTMENT ADVISERS ACT OF 1940
Release No. 6228 / February 6, 2023

ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDING
File No. 3-21295

ORDER INSTITUTING ADMINISTRATIVE
In the Matter of AND CEASE-AND-DESIST PROCEEDINGS
PURSUANT TO SECTION 8A OF THE
CENTAURUS FINANCIAL, INC., SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, SECTIONS
RICKY A. MANTEL, and 15(b) AND 21C OF THE SECURITIES
ATUL MAKHARIA EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AND SECTIONS
203(e) AND 203(f) OF THE INVESTMENT
Respondents. ADVISERS ACT OF 1940, MAKING
FINDINGS, AND IMPOSING REMEDIAL
SANCTIONS AND A CEASE-AND-DESIST
ORDER

L

The Securities and Exchange Commission (“Commission”) deems it appropriate and in the
public interest that public administrative and cease-and-desist proceedings be, and hereby are,
instituted pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act of 1933 (“Securities Act”), Sections 15(b)
and 21C of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“Exchange Act”), and Sections 203(e) and 203(f)
of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (“Advisers Act”), against Centaurus Financial, Inc.
(“Centaurus” or “CFT’), Ricky A. Mantei (““Mantei’”), and Atul Makharia (“Makharia”’)
(collectively “Respondents’’).

I.

In anticipation of the institution of these proceedings, Respondents have submitted Offers
of Settlement (the “Offers”) which the Commission has determined to accept. Solely for the
purpose of these proceedings and any other proceedings brought by or on behalf of the
Commission, or to which the Commission is a party, and without admitting or denying the findings
herein, except as to the Commission’s jurisdiction over them and the subject matter of these
proceedings, which are admitted, and except as provided herein in Section V, Respondents consent
to the entry of this Order Instituting Administrative and Cease-and-Desist Proceedings Pursuant to
Section 8A of the Securities Act of 1933, Sections 15(b) and 21C of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, and Sections 203(e) and 203(f) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, Making Findings,
and Imposing Remedial Sanctions and a Cease-and-Desist Order (“Order”), as set forth below.

Il.

On the basis of this Order and Respondents’ Offers, the Commission finds! that:

Summary

1. This matter arises out of the conduct of certain registered representatives and a
supervisory principal associated with CFI, a dually registered broker-dealer and investment adviser,
in connection with unsuitable recommendations and sales of complex variable interest rate
structured products (“VRSPs”) to certain CFI retail brokerage customers.

2. Between June 2016 and July 2019 (the “Relevant Period”), Atul Makharia and seven
other registered representatives from CFI’s Lexington, South Carolina branch office (collectively,
the “CFI RRs”) recommended VRSPs to ninety-four retail customers for whom such investments
were unsuitable in light of each of the specific customers’ financial situations and needs (the
“Specified Customers”). Makharia and the other CFI RRs made these recommendations even
though they knew, or reasonably should have known, among other factors, that the Specified
Customers to whom these VRSPs were recommended: were at or approaching retirement age; had
an annual income of less than $100,000; in most cases, had a net worth of less than $500,000; had a
low or moderate risk tolerance; had investment objectives that included, or were limited to,
“income” and sought periodic interest payments; had moderate or high liquidity needs; had an
investment time horizon of less than fifteen years; and were unwilling to risk losing all or some of
their principal invested in the VRSPs. By making unsuitable recommendations of VRSPs to the
Specified Customers, Respondent Makharia and Respondent CFI violated Sections 17(a)(2) and
17(a)(3) of the Securities Act. Respondent Mantei, the branch manager and owner of CFI’s
Lexington, South Carolina branch office (the “Lexington Branch”), caused these violations.

3. During the Relevant Period, CFI and Mantei also failed reasonably to supervise the
CFI RRs with a view to preventing and detecting their violations of Sections 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3)
of the Securities Act arising from the unsuitable recommendations of VRSPs to the Specified

! The findings herein are made pursuant to Respondents’ Offers of Settlement and are not binding on any

other person or entity in this or any other proceeding.

2.

Customers. CFI failed reasonably to implement its customer-specific suitability procedures to
determine whether the CFI RRs were making the required suitability determinations prior to
recommending VRSPs to the Specified Customers and that Mantei, as the branch manager and
supervisory principal of the Lexington Branch, was following the procedures. For his part, Mantei
failed reasonably to follow CFI’s then existing customer-specific suitability review procedures,
which required him to conduct a customer-specific suitability review of every proposed structured
products transaction, including all VRSP transactions.

4. Additionally, from at least June 2016 to July 2019, CFI failed to make and keep
certain required records relating to certain customer accounts. During this time period, CFI
electronically recorded certain customer account information required under Exchange Act Rule
17a-3(a)(17), including the customer’s name, tax identification number, address, telephone
numbers, date of birth, employment status, annual income, net worth, and investment objectives.
In some instances, CFI, however, failed to maintain and preserve this information for at least six
years in violation of Exchange Act Section 17(a) and Rules 17a-4(e)(5) thereunder, and in a non-
rewritable and non-erasable format in violation of Exchange Act Section 17(a) and Rule 17a-
4(£)(2) thereunder. Further, CFI failed to make and keep current a record indicating that, for each
change in a customer’s account investment objectives, CFI furnished the customer with a copy of
the updated account record or alternative document containing the information required by Rule
17a-3(a)(17) within thirty days of CFI receiving notice of any change, in violation of Exchange Act
Section 17(a) and Rule 17a-3(a)(17)(i)(B)(3) thereunder.

Respondents

3. Centaurus, a California corporation with its principal place of business in Anaheim,
California, has been registered with the Commission as a broker-dealer since 1993 and as an
investment adviser since 1999. CFI has over 375 branch offices throughout the United States, and
over 615 registered representatives, some of whom are also investment adviser representatives.

6. Mantei is a resident of Columbia, South Carolina. He is the founder, owner, and
branch manager of Mantei & Associates, which has been affiliated with CFI since May 2015. He
has been an associated person and registered with broker-dealers and/or investment advisers since
1982, and currently holds Series 5, 7, 24, 31, and 63 licenses.

7. Makharia is a resident of Columbia, South Carolina. He has been a registered
representative since 2005 and associated with CFI since May 2015. He currently holds Series 7
and 63 licenses.

Other Relevant Entity

8. Mantei & Associates (n/k/a “COLA Wealth Advisors”), a South Carolina
Subchapter S corporation with its principal place of business in Lexington, South Carolina, is the
ownership entity that operates the Lexington Branch, which has been a CFI Office of Supervisory
Jurisdiction since May 2015. Mantei founded Mantei & Associates in August 1995. Throughout

the Relevant Period, Mantei & Associates employed approximately fifteen registered
representatives.

Variable Interest Rate Structured Products

9. The VRSPs at issue here are complex, structured securities with maturity periods of
fifteen years or more issued by large well-known financial institutions.2, The VRSPs initially offer
guaranteed periodic fixed-interest rate payments, typically for one to three years. After the fixed-
interest rate periods end, however, the VRSPs switch to periodic variable-interest rate payments. The
variable interest rate payments are calculated based on formulas tied to differences in Constant
Maturity Swap (“CMS”) rates for long-term and short-term U.S. Treasury obligations, typically
referred to as the “yield curve.” Accordingly, during the variable-interest rate period, depending
on the performance of the CMS rates, investors are not guaranteed to receive any further interest
payments from the VRSPs. Moreover, the VRSPs include an additional contingency before
investors can be paid any interest during the variable-interest rate period, which creates further
complexity and risk. In particular, regardless of the performance of the CMS rates, the VRSPs
only make periodic variable-interest rate payments if one or more referenced indexes, such as the
S&P 500 and/or Russell 2000 stock indexes, do not decline more than a specified percentage (in
most cases, 50%). The prospectuses for the recommended VRSPs at issue expressly disclosed the
risk of non-payment of interest, stating, for example, that “there can be no assurance that
[investors] will receive a contingent interest payment on any interest payment date” and that “the
securities are not a suitable investment for investors who require regular fixed income payments,
since the contingent interest payments are variable and may be zero.”

10. The VRSPs are “‘principal-at-risk” securities, which means that investors can lose
some or all of their invested principal if the VRSPs’ referenced securities indexes, such as the S&P
500 and/or Russell 2000 stock indexes, decline more than a specified percentage at maturity (in
most cases, 50%). The prospectuses for several of the recommended VRSPs expressly warn:
“There is no minimum payment at maturity. Accordingly, investors may lose up to their entire
initial investment in the securities.”

11. The VRSPs are not listed on any securities exchange and are not guaranteed to
trade in a liquid secondary market. For example, a preliminary prospectus for a VRSP offered by
CFI specifically warns: “The securities will not be listed on any securities exchange. Therefore,
there may be little or no secondary market for the securities.... Evenif there is a secondary
market, it may not provide enough liquidity to allow you to trade or sell the securities easily... .
Accordingly, you should be willing to hold your securities to maturity.”

2 The VRSPs include the following: CUSIP numbers 22546V4G8, 22546VLJ3, 22546VNQ5,
22548QKB0, 61760QDG6, 61760QDW1, 61760QDY7, 61760QDZ4, 61760QEA8, 61760QEEO,
61760QEF7, 61760QEGS, 61760QEH3, 61760QEL4, 61760QEPS, 61760QEW0, 61760QFL3,
61760QFN9, 61760QFQ2, 61760QFRO, 61760QFS8, 61760QFU3, 61760QFV1, 61760QFZ2,
61760QGY4, 61766YAM3, 61766YAP6, 61766Y ASO, 61766YAV3, 61766YAZ4, 61766YBH3, and
61766YBX8.

4

CFI RRs Made Unsuitable Recommendations of VRSPs

12. Prior to recommending a security to a customer, a broker-dealer must satisfy its
customer-specific suitability obligations by making a determination that a particular investment is
suitable for a specific customer in light of the customer’s investment profile, as determined by the
customer’s financial situation and needs, which include, among other things, age, liquidity needs,
investment objectives, investment time horizon, and risk tolerance. See FJ. Kaufman and Co. of
Virginia and Frederick J. Kaufman, Jr., Exch. Act Rel. No. 27535, at *3, 50 S.E.C. 164 (Dec. 13,
1989) (Comm. Op., sustaining NASD findings) (suitability obligation “requires a broker-dealer to
make a customer-specific determination of suitability and to tailor his recommendations to the
customer’s financial profile and investment objectives”). These are determinations that must be
made individually for each customer relating to every recommended transaction. Broker-dealers
and their associated persons who make unsuitable recommendations violate the federal securities
laws, including Sections 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act.

13. During the Relevant Period, Makharia and the other CFI RRs recommended a total of
155 VRSPs to ninety-four Specified Customers for whom the securities were unsuitable based on
each individual customer’s financial situation and needs, as reflected by their age, annual income,
net worth, risk tolerance, investment objectives, liquidity needs, investment time horizons, and
investment experience. Makharia made fifty of these unsuitable recommendations to thirty
customers. Information available to Makharia and the other CFI RRs, consisting of account
opening documents, investment profiles, and other information provided by the Specified
Customers, reflected that at the time of the unsuitable recommendations the Specified Customers
were: sixty-five years old or over; had an annual income of less than $100,000; in most cases, had a
net worth of less than $500,000; had a low or moderate risk tolerance; had investment objectives
that included, or were limited to, income and sought periodic interest payments; had moderate or
high liquidity needs; had an investment time horizon of less than fifteen years; and were unwilling
to risk losing all or some of their principal invested in the VRSPs.

14. As discussed above, the VRSPs are complex structured securities with long-term
maturity periods, which do not guarantee periodic interest payments following the fixed-interest
rate period, do not guarantee return of principal at maturity, and provide no assurance of liquidity.
Accordingly, at the time that Makharia and the other CFI RRs recommended the VRSPs to the
Specified Customers, they knew, or should have known, that their recommendations were
unsuitable because the VRSPs did not align with the Specified Customers’ financial situations and
needs.

15. During the Relevant Period, Mantei, as the branch manager and supervisory
principal of the Lexington Branch, reviewed and approved each of the unsuitable VRSP
recommendations and sales made by CFI RRs to the Specified Customers. Without Mantei’s
approval, none of these VRSP transactions would have been executed. At the time of his reviews
and approvals, Mantei was familiar with the Specified Customers’ financial situations and needs or
had ready access to information concerning the Specified Customers’ financial situations and needs.
Mantei was also aware, or reasonably should have been aware, of the key features and risks of the
VRSPs, including their long-term maturity periods, variable-interest rate risk, principal risk, and

5

liquidity risk. Accordingly, at the time that he reviewed and approved each of the unsuitable
recommendations, Mantei knew, or reasonably should have known, that these recommendations
were unsuitable because they did not align with the Specified Customers’ financial situations and
needs. Mantei also knew, or reasonably should have known, that his conduct would contribute to
the CFI RRs making unsuitable recommendations.

16. As a result of the conduct described above, Makharia willfully* violated Sections
17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act. CFL through the conduct of Makharia and the other
Centaurus RRs, violated Sections 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act, and Mantei caused
these violations.

The Lexington Branch Written Supervisory Procedures

17. In July 2015, shortly after the Lexington Branch joined CFI, CFI established
written supervisory procedures (the “WSPs”) specifically designed to govern the Lexington
Branch’s recommendation and sale of structured products, including VRSPs. These WSPs were in
effect throughout the Relevant Period.

18. The WSPs required the CFI RRs to comply with the customer-specific suitability
requirements set forth in FINRA Rule 2111. FINRA Rule 2111 provides that, when making a
customer-specific suitability determination, the broker-dealer must consider factors such as the
specific customer’s age, other investments, financial situation and needs, tax status, investment
objectives, investment experience, investment time horizon, liquidity needs, risk tolerance, and any
other information provided by the customer.

19. The WSPs further required the CFI RRs to consider other factors, in addition to
those specified in FINRA Rule 2111, when recommending structured products, including VRSPs.
For example, the WSPs required the CFI RRs to conduct an additional suitability review for any
recommendation of a structured product to a customer over the age of 70/2 or for a customer over
the age of 594 who would be purchasing a structured product in a retirement account. These
additional age-dependent suitability reviews were designed to ensure that CFI registered
representatives in the Lexington Branch were complying with the customer-specific suitability
requirements for sales of structured products to senior investors or investors nearing retirement
age that purchased structured products in retirement accounts. In addition, “[d]ue to the nature
and construct” of the structured products that the CFI RRs were recommending during the

3 “Willfully,” for purposes of imposing relief under Section 15(b) of the Exchange Act and Section

203(e) of the Advisers Act, “‘means no more than that the person charged with the duty knows what he is
doing.” Wonsover v. SEC, 205 F.3d 408, 414 (D.C. Cir. 2000) (quoting Hughes v. SEC, 174 F.2d 969,
977 (D.C. Cir. 1949)). There is no requirement that the actor “also be aware that he is violating one of the
Rules or Acts.” Tager v. SEC, 344 F.2d 5, 8 (2d Cir. 1965). The decision in The Robare Group, Ltd. v.
SEC, which construed the term “willfully” for purposes of a differently structured statutory provision,
does not alter that standard. 922 F.3d 468, 478-79 (D.C. Cir. 2019) (setting forth the showing required to
establish that a person has “willfully omit[ted]” material information from a required disclosure in
violation of Section 207 of the Advisers Act).

Relevant Period, the WSPs restricted any CFI customer from holding more than ten percent of their
net worth in a single structured product. This policy was established to limit CFI customers’ risk
exposure to any single structured product investment.

20. To monitor compliance with these customer-specific suitability requirements, the
WSPs also required that Mantei, as branch manager, conduct a further individual customer-specific
suitability review of all proposed structured products transactions at the Lexington Branch,
including VRSP transactions, before each transaction was executed. The WSPs specifically
required that this review take into account the “customer’s profile, source of funds, investment
objectives, time horizon level, investment experience, sophistication level, financial situation,
liquidity needs, concentration level for this investment sector, total holdings, and trade history” as
well as “the customer’s ability to withstand any potential losses from investing in these products.”

21. The WSPs also required specialized training for all CFI RRs “involved in the
solicitation, offering, and/or supervision of structured products.” Specifically, the WSPs required
that before conducting any of this activity in connection with structured products, each CFI RR
“must have successfully completed training deemed acceptable to the [CFI] Chief Compliance
Officer, or his/her designee.”

Mantei and CFI Failed Reasonably to Supervise the CFI RRs

22. Sections 15(b)(4)(E) and 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act and Sections 203(e)(6) and
203(f) of the Advisers Act provide that the Commission may sanction a registered broker-dealer or
supervisor and an investment adviser or supervisor, respectively, for failing reasonably to
supervise, with a view to preventing and detecting violations of the federal securities laws, another
person subject to their supervision who commits such a violation. The Commission has
emphasized that the “responsibility of broker-dealers to supervise their employees by means of
effective, established procedures is a critical component in the federal investor protection scheme
regulating the securities markets.” SG Cowen Securities Corp., Exch. Act Rel. No. 48335 (Aug.
14, 2003).

Mantei Failed Reasonably to Follow the Lexington Branch WSPs

23. During the Relevant Period, Mantei failed reasonably to follow the WSPs’
requirement that Mantei conduct his own customer-specific suitability review of all proposed
Lexington Branch structured products transactions, including VRSP transactions, to determine
whether the CFI RRs were making appropriate suitability determinations prior to recommending
VRSPs to their respective customers. Indeed, the review that Mantei conducted for the VRSP
transactions at issue here did not conform to the WSPs’ customer-specific suitability review
requirements and was inadequate to prevent and detect unsuitable structured products
recommendations.

24. As part of his customer-specific suitability review, Mantei reviewed and signed each
VRSP trade ticket before the trade was executed. Without Mantei’s approval, none of these VRSP

trades would have been executed. Because of the large volume of trading at the Lexington Branch,

7

Mantei could not, and did not, conduct any further review for many of the proposed VRSP trades.
The trade ticket, standing alone, however, lacked sufficient information to enable Mantei to
sufficiently assess the suitability of a trade. In particular, although the trade tickets included fields
for some investment profile information, including the customer’s risk tolerance, concentration level
for the investment sector, and source of funds, they did not include the specific customer’s age,
annual income, net worth, investment objectives, time horizon level, investment experience,
sophistication level, liquidity needs, or total holdings, which information was collected and
maintained on other records to which Mantei had ready access to during the Relevant Period.
Moreover, Mantei approved certain VRSP trade tickets that were incomplete, including several
trade tickets that did not include any investment profile information at all.

25. If Mantei had reasonably followed the WSP’s customer-specific suitability review
procedures, it is likely that he could have prevented and detected the CFI RRs’ unsuitable
recommendations.

26. As a result of the conduct described above, Mantei failed reasonably to supervise
the CFI RRs with a view to preventing and detecting their violations of Sections 17(a)(2) and
17(a)(3) of the Securities Act by making unsuitable recommendations of VRSPs to the Specified
Customers.

CFI Failed Reasonably to Implement the WSPs

27s During the Relevant Period, CFI failed reasonably to implement the WSPs to
determine whether the CFI RRs were making the required customer-specific suitability
determinations prior to recommending VRSPs to the Specified Customers, and that Mantei, as the
branch manager and supervisory principal of the Lexington Branch, was following the WSPs.

28. As described above, CFI failed reasonably to implement the WSPs' requirement
that Mantei conduct a customer-specific suitability review of all proposed Lexington Branch
structured products transactions. During the Relevant Period, CFI also failed reasonably to
implement the additional customer-specific suitability reviews required by the WSPs discussed in
Paragraph 18 above. Indeed, CFI failed to implement any procedures or put any mechanisms in
place to monitor whether the CFI RRs were actually conducting the additional age-dependent
suitability reviews or preventing the Specified Customers from exceeding the ten percent single
security concentration threshold for structured products. For example, the CFI RRs were not
required to document in any way their age-dependent suitability reviews or their ten percent single
security concentration threshold calculations, and CFI did not maintain any alerts, reports, or
automated systems to assist CFI in monitoring compliance with these procedures. The WSPs also
did not define or provide any guidance on what the age-focused suitability reviews should entail.
CFIRRs could not identify what additional inquiry these reviews entailed beyond the ordinary
required suitability reviews.

29. In addition, CFI failed to develop reasonable systems to implement its structured
products training requirements. Most significantly, at no point during the Relevant Period did CFI

take any steps to ensure that the CFI RRs were completing the required structured products training.

8

For example, CFI failed reasonably to implement any procedures or put reasonable mechanisms in
place to accurately track or record the trainings that the CFI RRs had successfully completed. As a
result, during the Relevant Period, none of the CFI RRs completed any formal structured products
training, including the structured products training that CFI offered through a third-party vendor on
principal-at-risk structured products, including VRSPs.

30. As a result of the conduct described above, CFI failed reasonably to supervise the
CFI RRs with a view to preventing and detecting their violations of Sections 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3)
of the Securities Act by making unsuitable recommendations of VRSPs to the Specified
Customers.

CFI Failed to Make and Keep Required Broker-Dealer Records

31. Rule 17a-4(e)(5), promulgated under Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act, requires
a broker-dealer to “maintain and preserve in an easily accessible place ... [a]ll account record
information required pursuant to [Rule 17a-3(a)(17)] ... until at least six years after the earlier of
the date the account was closed or the date on which the information was collected, provided,
replaced, or updated.”* Under Exchange Act Rule 17a-4(f), broker-dealers may comply with these
recordkeeping requirements through the use of electronic storage media. Importantly, however, if
a broker-dealer uses electronic storage media to record any information required under Exchange
Act Rule 17a-3, including Exchange Act Rule 17a-3(a)(17), Exchange Act Rule 17a-4(f)(2)q@i)
specifies that the broker-dealer must, among other things, preserve these records “exclusively in a
non-rewritable, non-erasable format.”

32. Rule 17a-3(a)(17)(i)(B)(3), promulgated under Section 17(a)(1) of the Exchange Act,
requires that, for each account with a natural person as customer or owner, a broker-dealer must
make and keep current a record indicating that for “each change in the [customer or owner] account’s
investment objectives the [broker-dealer] has furnished to each customer or owner . . . a copy of the
updated customer account record or alternative document with all information required to be
furnished by [Rule 17a-3(a)(17)@)(B)(1)] . . . on or before the 30th day after the date the [broker-
dealer] received notice of any change... .”

33. The Commission has described the records required to be kept under Exchange Act
Rule 17a-3 as “the basic source documents” of a broker-dealer and has emphasized that the rule
serves as “a keystone of the surveillance of brokers and dealers by our staff and by the security
industry’s self-regulatory bodies.” See Statement Regarding the Maintenance of Current Books
and Records by Brokers and Dealers, Exch. Act Rel. No. 10756 (April 6, 1974); Edward J.
Mawod & Co., 46 S.E.C. 865, 873 n.39 (1977), aff'd, 591 F.2d 588 (10th Cir. 1979).

4 Exchange Act Rule 17a-3(a)(17) requires, among other things, a record of a customer’s “name,

tax identification number, address, telephone number, date of birth, employment status . . . annual
income, net worth (excluding value of primary residence), and the account’s investment objectives.” The
CFI WSPs, which applied firm-wide, including the Lexington Branch, also required all the offices to
maintain for a period of six years all records, including “new account forms” and “other materials
required to justify or clarify actions taken on behalf of a client.”

9

34, Every customer of CFI was required to submit a Client Agreement / New Account
Form to open an account with CFI. The form, which CFI required to be updated at least every
thirty-six months, included a customer’s name, address, occupation, net worth, annual income, tax
bracket, investment objectives, risk tolerance level, account time horizon, and liquidity needs,
amongst other information. From at least June 2016 to July 2019, the Lexington Branch
electronically recorded certain account information for each of its customers on a Lexington
Branch internal customer management system (“CMS System”). The CFI RRs also reviewed, and
in some cases, used the information in the CMS System to make recommendations or assist in
reviewing orders. The information input into the CMS System included information required to be
maintained and preserved under Exchange Act Rule 17a-3(a)(17), including the customer’s name,
tax identification number, address, telephone numbers, date of birth, employment status, annual
income, net worth, and investment objectives. Lexington Branch personnel, including the CFI
RRs, updated this information regularly in the CMS System as new information was received
during meetings and phone calls with customers. When any of the account information was
updated in the CMS System, however, the previous recorded account information for that category
was permanently overwritten and not preserved in any form, including through electronic backup
storage or backup tapes. As a result, CFI was unable to retrieve the previously recorded
information once it had been updated in the CMS System. CFI failed to maintain and preserve for
at least six years certain customer account information required pursuant to Exchange Act Rule
17a-3(a)(17), as required pursuant to Exchange Act Section 17(a) and Rule 17a-4(e)(5) thereunder.
In addition, CFI failed to comply with the preservation and other electronic records requirements
specified in Exchange Act Rule 17a-4(f)(2)(ii), including preserving electronic storage media in a
non-rewritable, non- erasable format, as required pursuant to Exchange Act Section 17(a) and Rule
17a-4(f)(2) thereunder.

35. From at least June 2016 to July 2019, CFI also failed to make and keep current a
record for all customers indicating that, for each change in a customer’s account investment
objectives, CFI furnished the customer with a copy of the updated account record or alternative
document containing the information required by Rule 17a-3(a)(17)(i)(B)(1) within thirty days of
CFI receiving notice of any change pursuant to Exchange Act Section 17(a) and Rule 17a-
3(a)(17)(@)(B)(3) thereunder.

36. As a result of the conduct described above, CFI violated Section 17(a) of the
Exchange Act and Rules 17a-4(e)(5), 17a-4(f)(2), and 17a-3(a)(17)()(B)(3) thereunder.

37. The disgorgement and prejudgment interest ordered in Sections IV.H. and IV.1.
below is consistent with equitable principles and does not exceed Respondents’ net profits from
their violations and will be distributed to harmed investors to the extent feasible. The Commission
will hold funds paid pursuant to Sections IV.H. and IV.I. in an account at the United States
Treasury pending distribution. Upon approval of the distribution final accounting by the
Commission, any amounts remaining that are infeasible to return to investors, and any amounts
returned to the Commission in the future that are infeasible to return to investors, may be
transferred to the general fund of the U.S. Treasury, subject to Section 21F(g)(3) of the Exchange
Act.

10

Undertakings

38. CFI has undertaken to:

a. Retain, within thirty (30) days of the date of entry of the Order, at its own
expense, the services of an Independent Consultant not unacceptable to the Division of
Enforcement of the Commission (“Division of Enforcement”), to review: (1) CFI’s policies
and procedures designed to prevent and detect unsuitable recommendations of structured
products (in violation of the antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws and/or
Regulation BJ); (ii) CFI’s systems of internal controls to implement the policies and
procedures designed to prevent and detect unsuitable recommendations of structured
products; and (iii) CFI’s Lexington, South Carolina Office of Supervisory Jurisdiction
branch office’s maintenance and preservation of records.

b. Provide to the Division of Enforcement staff, within thirty (30) days of
retaining the Independent Consultant, a copy of an engagement letter detailing the
Independent Consultant’s responsibilities, which shall include the review described above
in Paragraph 37(a).

c. Require the Independent Consultant, at the conclusion of the review, which
in no event shall be more than one hundred eighty (180) days after the date of entry of the
Order, to submit to CFI and the Division of Enforcement a report of the Independent
Consultant. The report shall address the supervisory issues described above and shall
include (1) a description of the review performed, (ii) the conclusions reached, (iii) the
Independent Consultant’s recommendations for any changes or improvements to the
policies, procedures, and practices of CFI, and (iv) a procedure for implementing the
recommended changes or improvements to such policies, procedures, and practices.

d. Adopt, implement, and maintain all policies, procedures, and practices
recommended in the report of the Independent Consultant. As to any of the Independent
Consultant’s recommendations about which CFI and the Independent Consultant do not
agree, such parties shall attempt in good faith to reach agreement within two hundred ten
(210) days of the date of the entry of the Order. In the event that CFI and the Independent
Consultant are unable to agree on an alternative proposal, CFI and the Independent
Consultant shall jointly confer with the Division of Enforcement staff to resolve the matter.
In the event that, after conferring with the Division of Enforcement staff, CFI and the
Independent Consultant are unable to agree on an alternative proposal, CFI will abide by
the recommendations of the Independent Consultant.

e. Cooperate fully with the Independent Consultant in its review, including
making such information and documents available as the Independent Consultant may
reasonably request, and by permitting and requiring CFI’s employees and agents to supply
such information and documents as the Independent Consultant may reasonably request.

11

f. That, in order to ensure the independence of the Independent Consultant,
CFI (i) shall not have the authority to terminate the Independent Consultant without prior
written approval of the Director of the Division of Enforcement; and (ii) shall compensate
the Independent Consultant, and persons engaged to assist the Independent Consultant, for
services rendered pursuant to the Order at their reasonable and customary rates.

g. That no later than twelve (12) months after the date of entry of the Order,
CFI shall direct the Independent Consultant to conduct a review of CFI’s efforts to
implement each of the recommendations made by the Independent Consultant and, upon
the completion of the Independent Consultant’s follow-up review, CFI shall direct the
Independent Consultant to submit a report to the staff of the Division of Enforcement no
later than fifteen (15) months after the date of the entry of the Order. CFI shall direct the
Independent Consultant to describe in the follow-up report the details of CFI’s efforts to
implement each of the Independent Consultant’s recommendations and state whether CFI
has fully complied with each of the Independent Consultant’s recommendations.

h. Require the Independent Consultant to enter into an agreement that provides
that for the period of engagement and for a period of two (2) years from completion of the
engagement, the Independent Consultant shall not enter into any employment, consultant,
attorney-client, auditing or other professional relationship with CFI, or any of its present or
former affiliates, directors, officers, employees, or agents acting in their capacity. The
agreement will also provide that the Independent Consultant will require that any firm with
which he/she is affiliated or of which he/she is a member, and any person engaged to assist
the Independent Consultant in performance of his/her duties under this Order shall not,
without prior written consent of the Director of the Division of Enforcement enter into any
employment, consultant, attorney-client, auditing or other professional relationship with
CFI, or any of its present or former affiliates, directors, officers, employees, or agents
acting in their capacity as such for the period of the engagement and for a period of two
years after the engagement.

i. The reports by the Independent Consultant will likely include confidential
financial, proprietary, competitive business or commercial information. Public disclosure
of the reports could discourage cooperation, impede pending or potential government
investigations or undermine the objectives of the reporting requirement. For these
reasons, among others, the reports and the contents thereof are intended to remain and
shall remain non-public, except (1) pursuant to court order, (2) as agreed to by the parties
in writing, (3) to the extent that the Commission determines in its sole discretion that
disclosure would be in furtherance of the Commission’s discharge of its duties and
responsibilities, or (4) is otherwise required by law.

j. Certify, in writing, compliance with the undertakings set forth above. The
certification shall identify the undertaking(s), provide written evidence of compliance in the
form of a narrative, and be supported by exhibits sufficient to demonstrate compliance.

The Division of Enforcement staff may make reasonable requests for further evidence of
compliance, and CFI agrees to provide such evidence. The certification and report material

12

shall be submitted to Stacy L. Bogert, Associate Director, Division of Enforcement, with a
copy to the Office of the Chief Counsel of the Division of Enforcement, no later than sixty
(60) days from the date of the completion of the undertakings.

k. For good cause shown and upon timely application by the Independent
Consultant or CFI, the Division of Enforcement staff may extend any of the deadlines set
forth above.

39, Mantei shall provide the Commission within thirty (30) days after the end of the six-
month limitation period described below, an affidavit attesting that he has complied fully with the
sanctions described in Section IV.E. below.

40. Makharia shall provide the Commission within thirty (30) days after the end of the
six-month suspension period described below, an affidavit attesting that he has complied fully with
the sanctions described in Sections IV.F. and Section IV.G. below.

IV.

In view of the foregoing, the Commission deems it appropriate and in the public interest to
impose the sanctions agreed to in Respondents’ Offers.

Accordingly, pursuant to Section 8A of the Securities Act, Sections 15(b) and 21C of the
Exchange Act, and Sections 203(e) and 203(f) of the Advisers Act, it is hereby ORDERED that:

A. Respondent CFI shall cease and desist from committing or causing any violations
and any future violations of Sections 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act and Section 17(a) of
the Exchange Act and Rules 17a-4(e)(5), 17a-4(£)(2), and 17a-3(a)(17)(i)(B)(3) thereunder.

B. Respondent Mantei shall cease and desist from committing or causing any violations
and any future violations of Sections 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act.

C. Respondent Makharia shall cease and desist from committing or causing any
violations and any future violations of Sections 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act.

D. Respondent CFI is censured.

E. Respondent Mantei be, and hereby is, subject to the following limitations on his
activities: Respondent Mantei shall not act in a supervisory capacity with any broker, dealer,
investment adviser, municipal securities dealer, municipal advisor, transfer agent, or nationally
recognized statistical organization for six (6) months, effective the second Monday following the
entry of this Order.

F. Respondent Makharia be, and hereby is, suspended from association with any
broker, dealer, investment adviser, municipal securities dealer, municipal advisor, transfer agent, or
nationally recognized statistical rating organization for six (6) months, effective the second Monday
following the entry of this Order.

13

G. Respondent Makharia be, and hereby is, suspended from participating in any
offering of a penny stock, including: acting as a promoter, finder, consultant, agent or other person
who engages in activities with a broker, dealer or issuer for purposes of the issuance or trading in
any penny stock, or inducing or attempting to induce the purchase or sale of any penny stock for a
period of six (6) months, effective the second Monday following the entry of this Order.

H. Respondent CFI shall, within ten (10) days of the entry of this Order, pay
disgorgement of $4,876 plus prejudgment interest of $623 and a civil money penalty of $750,000
to the Securities and Exchange Commission. If timely payment of disgorgement and prejudgment
interest is not made, additional interest shall accrue pursuant to SEC Rule of Practice 600 and if
timely payment of a civil penalty is not made, additional interest shall accrue pursuant to 31 U.S.C.
§ 3717.

I. Respondent Mantei shall, within ten (10) days of the entry of this Order, pay
disgorgement of $92,650 plus prejudgment interest of $11,842 and a civil money penalty of
$206,000 to the Securities and Exchange Commission. If timely payment of disgorgement and
prejudgment interest is not made, additional interest shall accrue pursuant to SEC Rule of Practice
600 and if timely payment of a civil penalty is not made, additional interest shall accrue pursuant to
31 U.S.C. § 3717.

J. Respondent Makharia shall, within ten (10) days of the entry of this Order, pay a
civil money penalty in the amount of $35,000 to the Securities and Exchange Commission. If
timely payment is not made, additional interest shall accrue pursuant to 31 U.S.C. § 3717.

Payments must be made in one of the following ways:
() Respondents may transmit payment electronically to the Commission,
which will provide detailed ACH transfer/Fedwire instructions upon

request;

(2) Respondents may make direct payment from a bank account via Pay.gov
through the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov/about/offices/ofm.htm; or

(3) Respondents may pay by certified check, bank cashier’s check, or United
States postal money order, made payable to the Securities and Exchange
Commission and hand-delivered or mailed to:

Enterprise Services Center
Accounts Receivable Branch

HQ Bidg., Room 181, AMZ-341
6500 South MacArthur Boulevard
Oklahoma City, OK 73169

14

Payments by check or money order must be accompanied by a cover letter identifying CFI,
Mantei, and Makharia as Respondents in these proceedings, and the file number of these
proceedings; a copy of the cover letter and check or money order must be sent to Stacy L. Bogert,
Associate Director, Division of Enforcement, Securities and Exchange Commission, 100 F St.,
N.E., Washington, DC 20549-5041.

K. Pursuant to Section 308(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as
amended, a Fair Fund is created for the disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and penalties
referenced in Sections IV.H., IV.L, and IV.J. above. Amounts ordered to be paid as civil money
penalties pursuant to this Order shall be treated as penalties paid to the government for all
purposes, including all tax purposes. To preserve the deterrent effect of the civil penalty,
Respondents agree that in any Related Investor Action, they shall not argue that they are entitled
to, nor shall they benefit by, offset or reduction of any award of compensatory damages by the
amount of any part of their payment of a civil penalty in this action ("Penalty Offset"). If the court
in any Related Investor Action grants such a Penalty Offset, Respondents agree that they shall,
within thirty (30) days after entry of a final order granting the Penalty Offset, notify the
Commission's counsel in this action and pay the amount of the Penalty Offset to the Securities and
Exchange Commission. Such a payment shall not be deemed an additional civil penalty and shall
not be deemed to change the amount of the civil penalty imposed in this proceeding. For purposes
of this paragraph, a "Related Investor Action" means a private damages action brought against
Respondent CFI or Respondent Mantei by or on behalf of one or more investors based on
substantially the same facts as alleged in the Order instituted by the Commission in this
proceeding.

L. Respondent CFI shall comply with the undertakings enumerated in Section III,
Paragraph 38 above.

M. Respondent Mantei shall comply with the undertaking enumerated in Section III,
Paragraph 39 above.

N. Respondent Makharia shall comply with the undertaking enumerated in Section IIL,
Paragraph 40 above.

15

V.

It is further Ordered that, solely for purposes of exceptions to discharge set forth in Section
523 of the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. § 523, the findings in this Order are true and admitted by
Respondent Mantei and Respondent Makharia, and further, any debt for disgorgement,
prejudgment interest, civil penalty or other amounts due by Respondent Mantei and Respondent
Makharia under this Order or any other judgment, order, consent order, decree or settlement
agreement entered in connection with this proceeding, is a debt for the violation by Respondent
Mantei and Respondent Makharia of the federal securities laws or any regulation or order issued
under such laws, as set forth in Section 523(a)(19) of the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. §
523(a)(19).

By the Commission.

Vanessa A. Countryman
Secretary

16
