NYSE ARCA, INC.
LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE, WAIVER, AND CONSENT
NO. 2022-05-13-00029

TO: NYSE Arca, Inc.

RE: Oppenheimer & Co., Inc., Respondent
CRD No. 249

Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. violated: (i) NYSE Arca Rule 11.1(b) by failing to adhere to
principles of good business practice in its handling of a customer options order on April 19,
2022; and (ii) NYSE Arca Rule 11.18(b) and (c) by failing to establish and maintain
supervisory systems and written supervisory procedures that were reasonably designed to
ensure compliance with NYSE Arca rules concerning best execution. Consent to a censure
and a $90,000 fine.

Pursuant to Rule 10.9216 of the NYSE Arca, Inc. (“NYSE Arca” or the “Exchange”) Code of
Procedure, Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (“Oppenheimer” or the “Firm”) submits this Letter of
Acceptance, Waiver, and Consent (“AWC”) for the purpose of proposing a settlement of the
alleged rule violations described below. This AWC is submitted on the condition that, if
accepted, NYSE Arca will not bring any future actions against the Firm alleging violations based
on the same factual findings described herein.

I ACCEPTANCE AND CONSENT

A. Oppenheimer hereby accepts and consents, without admitting or denying the findings,
and solely for the purposes of this proceeding and any other proceeding brought by or on
behalf of NYSE Arca, or to which NYSE Arca is a party, prior to a hearing and without
an adjudication of any issue of law or fact, to the entry of the following findings by
NYSE Arca:

BACKGROUND AND JURISDICTION

1, Oppenheimer is a corporation registered in the State of New York with its main office
located in New York, NY. The Firm has been a member of NYSE Arca since 2008
and is registered as a NYSE Arca Options Trading Permit (“OTP”) Firm. The Firm’s
options business is conducted solely in an agency capacity.

VIOLATIONS
Best Execution Violation

2. NYSE Arca Rule 11.1(b) requires member firms and their associated persons to
“adhere to the principles of good business practice in the conduct of its or their
business affairs.”

On April 19, 2022, at 15:49:10, a customer sent Oppenheimer an order to buy 8,000
puts and sell 4,000 puts (the “Order”). At 15:51:23, an Oppenheimer trader instructed
a floor broker on NYSE Arca to load the Order, and the floor broker systematized the
Order at 15:52:01.

The Oppenheimer trader solicited a potential liquidity provider to take the other side
of the Order, and the liquidity provider agreed to do so at $0.37.

At 15:54:45, the Oppenheimer trader instructed the floor broker to cross the trade at
$0.37: “.37 good.” At 15:54:46, the floor broker released the Order, and then, at
15:54:52, informed the Oppenheimer trader that the entire Order had traded at $0.37:
“u cross all.”

One second later, at 15:54:53, the Oppenheimer trader messaged the floor broker to
change the price and quantity that the solicited liquidity provider was willing to pay
for the trade: “.38 now” and “3629 [contracts].” Because the Order already had been
executed, the floor broker replied, “to[o] late.”

Without informing the liquidity provider that the Order had been executed at the
originally agreed upon $0.37 price, or obtaining the agreement of its customer, the
Oppenheimer trader instructed the floor broker to nullify and adjust the price of the
Order: “pay 0.44 for 3629x,” a worse price for Oppenheimer’s customer. The floor
broker systematized and released the new order.

The price adjustment resulted in $25,400 in harm to Oppenheimer’s customer.

At no point before the Order was adjusted from $0.37 to $0.44 did any Oppenheimer
representative obtain the agreement of its customer to nullify and adjust the price of
the Order. Oppenheimer first advised its customer about the price adjustment at
17:46, after the trading day.

. By failing to obtain the most advantageous terms for its customer on the Order, and

by failing to obtain the agreement of its customer prior to instructing the floor broker
to nullify and adjust the trade, Oppenheimer violated NYSE Arca Rule 11.1(b).

Supervisory Violations

il.

NYSE Arca Rule 11.18(b) requires member firms to “establish and maintain a system
to supervise the activities of its associated persons and the operations of its business”
that is “reasonably designed to ensure compliance with applicable federal securities
laws and regulations and NYSE Arca Rules.”

12.

14,

1

wn

16.

NYSE Arca Rule 11.18(c) requires member firms to “establish, maintain, and enforce
written procedures to supervise the business in which it engages and to supervise the
activities of its associated persons that are reasonably designed to ensure compliance
with applicable federal securities laws and regulations, and with the NYSE Arca
Rules.”

. The Firm failed to establish, maintain, and enforce a supervisory system and written

supervisory procedures (“WSPs”) reasonably designed to ensure compliance with its
obligations for certain customer options orders.

Specifically, the Firm did not have policies or procedures in place regarding its
obligations for the handling of not-held orders, including with respect to trade
nullification, such as the Order at issue here. The Oppenheimer desk that handled the
Order also did not follow Firm WSPs with respect to the Order because: (i) the desk
supervisor failed to provide prior approval of the trade nullification; (ii) the desk
failed to obtain prior customer agreement to the price adjustment; and (iii) the desk
supervisor did not notify the Firm’s regulatory supervisor of the trade nullification, as
required by the WSPs.

. Accordingly, the Firm violated NYSE Arca Rule 11.18(b) and (c).

RELEVANT PRIOR DISCIPLINARY HISTORY

In June 2021, Oppenheimer consented to a censure and fine of $175,000 for
violations of NYSE American Rule 16 (Business Conduct), NYSE American Rule
966NY (Trade Nullification and Price Adjustment Procedure), and NYSE American
Rule 320(e) (Offices—Approval, Supervision and Control) in connection with the
handling of two customer options orders. See NYSE Matter Nos. 2019-12-00063 &
2020-10-00012.

OTHER FACTORS CONSIDERED

. In connection with NYSE Regulation’s investigation, Oppenheimer offered the

customer restitution in the amount of $25,400.

SANCTIONS

The Firm also consents to the imposition of the following sanctions:

Censure and fine in the amount of $90,000

The Firm agrees to pay the monetary sanction(s) upon notice that this AWC has been
accepted and that such payment(s) are due and payable. The Firm has submitted a
Method of Payment Confirmation form showing the method by which it will pay the fine
imposed.

The Firm specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim that it is unable to pay,
now or at any time hereafter, the monetary sanction(s) imposed in this matter.

The sanctions imposed herein shall be effective on a date set by NYSE Regulation staff.
Il. WAIVER OF PROCEDURAL RIGHTS

The Firm specifically and voluntarily waives the following rights granted under the NYSE Arca
Code of Procedure:

A. To have a Formal Complaint issued specifying the allegations against the Firm;

B. To be notified of the Formal Complaint and have the opportunity to answer the
allegations in writing;

Cc. To defend against the allegations in a disciplinary hearing before a hearing panel,
to have a written record of the hearing made and to have a written decision issued;
and

Dz. To appeal any such decision to the Exchange’s Board of Directors and then to the

U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and a U.S. Court of Appeals.

Further, the Firm specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim bias or prejudgment of
the Chief Regulatory Officer of NYSE Arca; the Exchange’s Board of Directors, Disciplinary
Action Committee (“DAC”), and Committee for Review (“CFR”); any Director, DAC member,
or CFR member; Counsel to the Exchange Board of Directors or CFR; any other NYSE Arca
employee; or any Regulatory Staff as defined in Rule 10.9120 in connection with such person’s
or body’s participation in discussions regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC, or other
consideration of this AWC, including acceptance or rejection of this AWC.

The Firm further specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim that a person violated the
ex parte communication prohibitions of Rule 10.9143 or the separation of functions prohibitions
of Rule 10.9144, in connection with such person’s or body’s participation in discussions
regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC, or other consideration of this AWC, including
its acceptance or rejection.

Til OTHER MATTERS
The Firm understands that:
A. Submission of this AWC is voluntary and will not resolve this matter unless and
until it has been reviewed by NYSE Regulation, and accepted by the Chief
Regulatory Officer of NYSE Arca pursuant to NYSE Arca Rule 10.9216;

B. If this AWC is not accepted, its submission will not be used as evidence to prove
any of the allegations against the Firm; and

Cc. If accepted:

1.

The AWC shall be sent to each Director and each member of the Committee
for Review via courier, express delivery or electronic means, and shall be
deemed final and shall constitute the complaint, answer, and decision in the
matter, 10 days after it is sent to each Director and each member of the
Committee for Review, unless review by the Exchange Board of Directors is
requested pursuant to NYSE Arca Rule 10.9310(a)(1)(B);

This AWC will become part of the Firm’s permanent disciplinary record and,
may be considered in any future actions brought by the Exchange, or any
other regulator against the Firm;

NYSE Arca shall publish a copy of the AWC on its website in accordance
with NYSE Arca Rule 10.8313;

NYSE Arca may make a public announcement concerning this agreement and
the subject matter thereof in accordance with NYSE Arca Rule 10.8313; and

The Firm may not take any action or make or permit to be made any public
statement, including in regulatory filings or otherwise, denying, directly or
indirectly, any finding in this AWC or create the impression that the AWC is
without factual basis. The Firm may not take any position in any proceeding
brought by or on behalf of the Exchange, or to which the Exchange is a party,
that is inconsistent with any part of this AWC. Nothing in this provision
affects the Firm’s (i) testimonial obligations; or (ii) right to take legal or
factual positions in litigation or other legal proceedings in which the
Exchange is not a party.

D. A signed copy of this AWC and the accompanying Method of Payment
Confirmation form delivered by email, facsimile or other means of electronic
transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an
original signed copy.

E. The Firm may attach a Corrective Action Statement to this AWC that is a
statement of demonstrable corrective steps taken to prevent future misconduct.
The Firm understands that it may not deny the charges or make any statement that
is inconsistent with the AWC in this Statement. Any such statement does not
constitute factual or legal findings by the Exchange, nor does it reflect the views
of NYSE Regulation or its staff.

The Firm certifies that, in connection with each of the Exchange’s requests for information in
connection with this matter, the Firm made a diligent inquiry of all persons and systems that
reasonably had possession of responsive documents and that all responsive documents have been
produced. In agreeing to the AWC, the Exchange has relied upon, among other things, the
completeness of the document productions.

The undersigned, on behalf of the Firm, certifies that a person duly authorized to act on its behalf
has read and understands all of the provisions of this AWC and has been given a full opportunity
to ask questions about it; that it has agreed to the AWC’s provisions voluntarily; and that no
offer, threat, inducement, or promise of any kind, other than the terms set forth herein and the
prospect of avoiding the issuance of a Complaint, has been made to induce the firm to submit it.

3)7)23

Date

By:

Accepted by NYSE Regulation

March 13, 2023
Date

Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.
Respondent

Dennis P. McNamara
General Counsel

OL Dre Juw

Alexander DeLisi
Catherine Lifeso
NYSE Regulation Enforcement

Signed on behalf of NYSE Arca, Inc., by
delegated authority from its Chief
Regulatory Officer
