TO:

RE:

FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY
LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE, WAIVER, AND CONSENT
NO. 2020065435403

Department of Enforcement
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)

Fortune Financial Services, Inc. (Respondent)
Member Firm
CRD No. 42150

Pursuant to FINRA Rule 9216, Respondent Fortune Financial Services, Inc. submits this Letter
of Acceptance, Waiver, and Consent (AWC) for the purpose of proposing a settlement of the
alleged rule violations described below. This AWC is submitted on the condition that, if
accepted, FINRA will not bring any future actions against Respondent alleging violations based
on the same factual findings described in this AWC.

I.
ACCEPTANCE AND CONSENT

Respondent accepts and consents to the following findings by FINRA without admitting
or denying them:

BACKGROUND

Fortune has been a FINRA member since 1997. The firm offers various investment
products, including deferred variable annuities, to the public and maintains its
headquarters in Monaca, Pennsylvania. The firm has approximately 280 registered
representatives in more than 200 branch offices.!

OVERVIEW

From July 2016 through July 2021, Fortune’s supervisory system, including its written
supervisory procedures, was not reasonably designed to achieve compliance with FINRA
suitability requirements regarding the recommendation of variable annuities. The firm
also failed to reasonably respond to red flags indicating unsuitable variable annuity
recommendations. Based on the foregoing, Fortune violated FINRA Rules 3110, 2330,
and 2010.

From September 2017 through November 2020, Fortune failed to reasonably supervise
the use of an unapproved email address to transmit securities-related documents to
Fortune’s customers and failed to retain business-related email communications. Based

' For more information about the firm, including prior regulatory events, visit BrokerCheck® at
www finra.org/brokercheck.

on the foregoing, Fortune violated FINRA Rule 3110, Section 17(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, Exchange Act Rule 17a-4, and FINRA Rules 4511 and 2010.

FACTS AND VIOLATIVE CONDUCT

This AWC resolves two separate investigations: one originating from a call to FINRA’s
Senior Helpline, and the other from a cause examination.”

Fortune’s system for monitoring patterns of inappropriate rates of variable annuity
exchanges was unreasonable.

FINRA Rule 3110(a) requires member firms to establish and maintain a system to
supervise the activities of associated persons that is reasonably designed to achieve
compliance with applicable securities laws and regulations, and with applicable FINRA
Rules. FINRA Rule 3110(b) requires member firms to establish, maintain, and enforce
written procedures to supervise the types of business in which it engages and to supervise
the activities of associated persons that are reasonably designed to achieve compliance
with applicable securities laws and regulations, and with the applicable FINRA Rules.
The duty to supervise under Rule 3110 also requires member firms to reasonably
investigate red flags that suggest misconduct may be occurring and to act upon the results
of such investigation.

Variable annuities are complex investments that are commonly marketed and sold to
retirees or individuals saving for retirement. Due in part to the complexity of these
products, FINRA issued Rule 2330 to require that firms provide more comprehensive and
targeted protection to investors who purchase or exchange variable annuities. FINRA
Rule 2330(b)(1)(A) requires that firms and their associated persons have a reasonable
basis to believe that the transaction is suitable for the customer and that the customer has
been informed, in general terms, of the various features of variable annuities. With
respect to variable annuity exchanges, FINRA Rule 2330(b)(1)(B) provides that the
suitability determination must take into consideration whether, among other things, “the
customer would incur a surrender charge.”

FINRA Rule 2330(c) requires that a registered principal review variable annuity
purchases and exchanges within seven days of receiving a “complete and correct”
application package, and to approve the recommended transaction “only if he or she has
determined that there is a reasonable basis to believe that the transaction would be
suitable” based on the factors identified in FINRA Rule 2330(b).

FINRA Rule 2330(d) requires, among other things, that firms implement surveillance
procedures reasonably designed to determine if any of the member’s associated persons
have inappropriate rates of variable annuity exchanges. Additionally, Rule 2330
Supplementary Material .05 requires that member firms consider whether a customer has
had another deferred variable annuity exchange within the preceding 36 months. A

? This AWC resolves two separate matters: FINRA Matter No. 2020065435403, and FINRA Matter No.
201906202501.

violation of FINRA Rules 3110 and 2330 also constitutes a violation of FINRA Rule
2010, which requires member firms and associated persons to “observe high standards of
commercial honor and just and equitable principles of trade” in the conduct of their
business.

Between July 2016 and July 2021, Fortune’s system for supervising variable annuity
exchanges was unreasonable. During this time, the firm used external exception-reporting
software to create alerts for potentially problematic variable annuity transactions. Fortune
elected which categories and parameters would be flagged in the exception alerts.
Fortune’s configuration of these alerts did not flag inappropriate rates of variable annuity
exchanges by the firm’s associated persons or identify when customers had previously
conducted an exchange within the preceding 36 months. Fortune did not have any other
surveillance tools for monitoring variable annuity exchanges other than the exception
reporting software. Moreover, the firm’s principals did not monitor for inappropriate
rates of variable annuity exchanges when reviewing and approving individual exchange
recommendations.

Therefore, Fortune violated FINRA Rules 3110, 2330, and 2010.

Fortune failed to reasonably supervise Representative A’s variable annuity exchange
recommendations and failed to investigate and act upon red flags.

Between July 2016 and July 2021, Representative A? engaged in a pattern of
recommending that customers exchange variable annuities without considering whether
such transactions were suitable in light of the substantial surrender charges that resulted
from his recommendations. In total, as part of Representative A’s recommendations, 48
customers who purchased variable annuities and took short-term withdrawals, sometimes
less than one year after purchasing the variable annuity, incurred $612,172.66 in
surrender charges.

Fortune supervisors missed red flags on the documents that Representative A submitted
for review in connection with his variable annuity exchange recommendations. For
instance, Fortune supervisors failed to compare the information on the exchange
applications with other sources of information, such as the original applications, the
surrender fee schedules, or the customers’ most recent account statements. The firm
therefore failed to detect that Representative A had omitted or understated the customers’
actual surrender charges on 136 exchange applications reviewed and approved. Fortune
supervisors also failed to analyze whether the purported cost savings of the new share
class exceeded the amount of the surrender charges and thereby failed to reasonably
determine whether the recommended exchanges were suitable.

Additionally, the firm failed to reasonably act upon information that Representative A
had arranged for certain customers to surrender their variable annuities directly with the

3 Representative A passed away in November 2022, prior to the initiation of FINRA disciplinary action for the
unsuitable recommendations and misrepresentations described in this AWC.

3

issuer. In September 2018, one variable annuity issuer notified Fortune that it had
terminated its agency relationship with Representative A because it found he had
recommended the early liquidation of 23 variable annuity contracts, which resulted in the
imposition of $108,000 in surrender fees. Despite this notification, Fortune did not take
reasonable steps to investigate Representative A’s recommendation and sale of variable
annuities. Instead, over the year following the notification, the firm permitted
Representative A to continue to recommend variable annuity exchanges and approved
new exchanges to 11 of the same customers. These new exchanges caused the customers
to incur additional surrender fees.

Therefore, Fortune violated FINRA Rules 3110, 2330, and 2010.

Fortune failed to reasonably supervise Representative B’s use of an external email
address and failed to retain business-related email communications sent by
Representative B and his staff:

FINRA Rule 3110(b)(4) requires member firms to establish, maintain, and enforce
written procedures for, among other things, the review of electronic correspondence
relating to its investment banking or securities business, and require that such review be
evidenced in writing.

FINRA Rule 4511 requires member firms to “preserve books and records as required
under the FINRA rules, the Exchange Act and the applicable Exchange Act rules.”
Section 17 of the Exchange Act and Exchange Act Rule 17a-4 require that member firms
preserve, “for a period of not less than three years, the first two years in a readily
accessible place,” originals of all communications received, and copies of all
communications sent by the member relating to its business. Implicit in the requirement
to make and preserve books and records is the requirement that information in those
books and records be accurate. Emails fall within the purview of Exchange Act 17a-4.
Violations of FINRA Rule 4511 and Exchange Act Rule 17a-4 also constitute a violation
of FINRA Rule 2010.

From September 2017 through November 2020, Representative B and his support staff,
acting at Representative B’s direction, used outside email accounts to communicate with
firm customers. Using these accounts, Representative B and his support staff forwarded
Fortune new account applications, and forms for variable annuity exchanges and
withdrawals, and requested that customers sign and return these documents. In many
instances, these forms were blank or incomplete, and Representative B would complete
the forms after they had already been signed and returned by the customers. Fortune
knew that Representative B and his support staff used outside email accounts for business
purposes, yet the firm failed to review or preserve these emails.

By failing to reasonably supervise Representative B’s use of an outside email account to
conduct securities-related business, Fortune violated FINRA Rules 3110 and 2010.

Additionally, by failing to preserve business-related emails, Fortune violated FINRA
Rules 4511 and 2010, Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act, and Exchange Act Rule 17a-4.

SANCTIONS CONSIDERATIONS

In determining the appropriate sanctions in this matter, FINRA considered, among other
factors, (1) that Fortune has agreed to pay restitution to customers affected by
Representative A’s unsuitable recommendations; (ii) Fortune’s current financial
condition; and (iii) that, in lieu of a monetary fine, Fortune will retain an independent
consultant to review and revise the firm’s supervisory system and procedures.

B. Respondent also consents to the imposition of the following sanctions:
. a censure;
. restitution of $612,172.66 plus interest in the amount of $25,183.21;* and
" an undertaking to retain an independent consultant as described below.

Restitution is ordered to be paid to the customers listed on Attachment A to this AWC
(Eligible Customers) in the total amount of $612,172.66, plus interest in the amount of
$25,183.21, from the date of the misconduct through October 31, 2022.

A registered principal on behalf of Respondent shall submit satisfactory proof of payment
of restitution and interest (separately specifying the date and amount of each paid to each
Eligible Customer) or of reasonable and documented efforts undertaken to effect
restitution. Such proof shall be submitted by email to EnforcementNotice@FINRA.org
from a work-related account of the registered principal of Respondent. The email must
identify Respondent and the case number and include a copy of the check, money order,
or other method of payment. This proof shall be provided by email to
EnforcementNotice@FINRA.org no later than 120 days after the date of the notice of
acceptance of the AWC.

The restitution amount plus interest to be paid to each Eligible Customer shall be treated
by the Respondent as the Eligible Customer’s property for purposes of state escheatment,
unclaimed property, abandoned property, and similar laws. If after reasonable and
documented efforts undertaken to effect restitution Respondent is unable to pay all
Eligible Customers within 120 days after the date of the notice of acceptance of the
AWC, Respondent shall submit to FINRA in the manner described above a list of the
unpaid Eligible Customers and a description of Respondent’s plan, not unacceptable to
FINRA, to comply with the applicable escheatment, unclaimed property, abandoned
property, or similar laws for each such Eligible Customer.

4 In consideration of the General Principles Applicable to all Sanctions Determinations contained in the Sanction
Guidelines, FINRA agreed to assess interest on the restitution owed at a rate below that set forth in Section
6621(a)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code, after it considered, among other things, the firm’s revenues and financial
resources, as well as its agreement to pay full restitution (with partial interest) to the affected customers.

5

Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim an inability to pay, now
or at any time after the execution of this AWC, the monetary sanction imposed in this
matter.

The imposition of a restitution order in this AWC, and the timing of such ordered
payments, does not preclude customers from pursuing their own actions to obtain
restitution or other remedies.

Restitution payments to customers shall be preceded or accompanied by a letter, not
unacceptable to FINRA, describing the reason for the payment and the fact that the
payment is being made pursuant to a settlement with FINRA and as a term of this AWC.

1. Respondent has undertaken to do the following:

a. Retain at its own expense and within 60 days of the date of the notice of
acceptance of this AWC an independent consultant not unacceptable to
FINRA to conduct a comprehensive review of the adequacy of
Respondent’s compliance with applicable federal securities laws and
FINRA Rules, concerning:

a. Supervision of variable annuity sales and exchanges;

b. Surveillance for inappropriate rates of variable annuity exchanges;
and

c. Supervision and retention of electronic business-related
communications with firm customers, including through
unapproved means of communication.

b. Ensure that the independent consultant, any firm with which the
independent consultant is affiliated or of which he or she is a member, and
any person engaged to assist the independent consultant in performance of
his or her duties, shall not have provided consulting, legal, auditing, or
other professional services to, or had any affiliation with, Respondent
during the two years prior to the date of the notice of acceptance of this
AWC.

(er Cooperate with the independent consultant in all respects, including
providing the independent consultant with access to Respondent’s files,
books, records, and personnel, as reasonably requested for the above-
mentioned review. Respondent shall require the independent consultant to
report to FINRA on its activities as FINRA may request and shall place no
restrictions on the independent consultant’s communications with FINRA.
Further, upon request, Respondent shall make available to FINRA any and
all communications between the independent consultant and the

Respondent and documents examined by the independent consultant in
connection with this review.

Refrain from terminating the relationship with the independent consultant
without FINRA’s written approval. Respondent shall not be in and shall
not have an attorney-client relationship with the independent consultant
and shall not seek to invoke the attorney-client privilege or other doctrine
or privilege to prevent the independent consultant from transmitting any
information, reports, or documents to FINRA.

Require the independent consultant to submit an initial written report to
Respondent and FINRA at the conclusion of the independent consultant’s
review, which shall be no more than 120 days after the date of the notice
of acceptance of this AWC. The initial report shall, at a minimum,

(i) provide a description of the review performed and the conclusions
reached; (ii) evaluate and address the adequacy of Respondent’s
supervision of variable annuity exchanges, and patterns of customer
exchanges, and supervision of electronic communications (iii) make
recommendations as may be needed regarding how Respondent should
modify or supplement its processes, controls, policies, systems,
procedures, and training to manage its regulatory and other risks in
relation to supervision of variable annuity sales and exchanges, and
supervision of electronic communications; and

(i) Within forty-five days after delivery of the initial report,
Respondent shall adopt and implement the recommendations of the
independent consultant or, if Respondent considers a
recommendation to be, in whole or in part, unduly burdensome or
impractical, propose an alternative procedure to the independent
consultant designed to achieve the same objective. Respondent
shall submit such proposed alternative procedures in writing
simultaneously to the independent consultant and FINRA.

(ii) | Respondent shall require the independent consultant to
(A) reasonably evaluate the alternative procedures and determine
whether it will achieve the same objective as the independent
consultant’s original recommendation and (B) provide Respondent
and FINRA with a written report reflecting its evaluation and
determination within thirty days of submission of any
Respondent’s proposed alternative procedures. In the event the
independent consultant and Respondent are unable to agree,
Respondent must abide by the independent consultant’s ultimate
determination with respect to any proposed alternative procedure
and must adopt and implement all recommendations deemed
appropriate by the independent consultant.

(ii) | Within thirty days after the issuance of the later of the independent
consultant’s initial report or any written report regarding proposed
alternative procedures, Respondent shall provide the independent
consultant and FINRA with a written implementation report,
certified by an officer of Respondent, attesting to, containing
documentation of, and setting forth the details of Respondent’s
implementation of the independent consultant’s recommendations.
The certification shall identify the undertakings, provide written
evidence of compliance in the form of a narrative, and be
supported by exhibits sufficient to demonstrate compliance.
FINRA may make reasonable requests for further evidence of
compliance, and Respondent agrees to provide such evidence.

f. Require the independent consultant to enter into a written agreement that,
for the duration of the engagement and for a period of two years from the
completion of the engagement, the independent consultant shall not enter
into any other employment, consultant, attorney-client, auditing, or other
professional relationship with Respondent, or any of its present or former
affiliates, directors, officers, employees, or agents acting in their capacity
as such. Any firm with which the independent consultant is affiliated or of
which it is a member, and any person engaged to assist the independent
consultant in the performance of its duties pursuant to this AWC, shall not,
without FINRA’s prior written consent, enter into any employment,
consultant, attorney-client, auditing, or other professional relationship with
Respondent or any of Respondent’s present or former affiliates, directors,
officers, employees, or agents acting in their capacity as such for the
period of the engagement and for a period of two years after the
engagement.

2. Upon written request showing good cause, FINRA may extend any of the
procedural dates set forth above.

The sanctions imposed in this AWC shall be effective on a date set by FINRA.
IL.
WAIVER OF PROCEDURAL RIGHTS

Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives the following rights granted under FINRA’s
Code of Procedure:

A. To have a complaint issued specifying the allegations against it;
B. To be notified of the complaint and have the opportunity to answer the allegations
in writing;

C. To defend against the allegations in a disciplinary hearing before a hearing panel,
to have a written record of the hearing made, and to have a written decision
issued; and

D. To appeal any such decision to the National Adjudicatory Council (NAC) and
then to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and a U.S. Court of
Appeals.

Further, Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim bias or prejudgment
of the Chief Legal Officer, the NAC, or any member of the NAC, in connection with such
person’s or body’s participation in discussions regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC,
or other consideration of this AWC, including its acceptance or rejection.

Respondent further specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim that a person violated
the ex parte prohibitions of FINRA Rule 9143 or the separation of functions prohibitions of
FINRA Rule 9144, in connection with such person’s or body’s participation in discussions
regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC, or other consideration of this AWC, including
its acceptance or rejection.

I.
OTHER MATTERS
Respondent understands that:
A. Submission of this AWC is voluntary and will not resolve this matter unless and

until it has been reviewed and accepted by the NAC, a Review Subcommittee of
the NAC, or the Office of Disciplinary Affairs (ODA), pursuant to FINRA Rule
9216;

B. If this AWC is not accepted, its submission will not be used as evidence to prove
any of the allegations against Respondent; and

Cc. If accepted:

1. this AWC will become part of Respondent’s permanent disciplinary
record and may be considered in any future action brought by FINRA or
any other regulator against Respondent;

2. this AWC will be made available through FINRA’s public disclosure
program in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313;

3. FINRA may make a public announcement concerning this agreement and
its subject matter in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313; and

4. Respondent may not take any action or make or permit to be made any
public statement, including in regulatory filings or otherwise, denying,

9

directly or indirectly, any finding in this AWC or create the impression
that the AWC is without factual basis. Respondent may not take any
position in any proceeding brought by or on behalf of FINRA, or to which
FINRA is a party, that is inconsistent with any part of this AWC. Nothing
in this provision affects Respondent’s right to take legal or factual
positions in litigation or other legal proceedings in which FINRA is not a
party. Nothing in this provision affects Respondent’s testimonial
obligations in any litigation or other legal proceedings.

Respondent may attach a corrective action statement to this AWC that is a
statement of demonstrable corrective steps taken to prevent future misconduct.
Respondent understands that it may not deny the charges or make any statement
that is inconsistent with the AWC in this statement. This statement does not
constitute factual or legal findings by FINRA, nor does it reflect the views of
FINRA.

The undersigned, on behalf of Respondent, certifies that a person duly authorized to act on
Respondent’s behalf has read and understands all of the provisions of this AWC and has been
given a full opportunity to ask questions about it; that Respondent has agreed to the AWC’s
provisions voluntarily; and that no offer, threat, inducement, or promise of any kind, other than
the terms set forth in this AWC and the prospect of avoiding the issuance of a complaint, has
been made to induce Respondent to submit this AWC.

February 10, 2023

Grupry J. Burdtley

Date For, Fortune Financial Services, Inc.
Respondent

Name: Gregory J. Bentley

Title: Chief Executive Officer

Reviewed by:

Robert Herskovits

Mr. Robert Herskovits
Counsel for Respondent
Herskovits PLLC

305 Broadway, 7" Floor
New York, NY 10007

Accepted by FINRA:

Signed on behalf of the
Director of ODA, by delegated authority

February 10, 2023 Latlury .
w S. Costingur
T

Date Kathryn S. Gostinger
Senior Counsel
FINRA - Department of Enforcement
55 W. Monroe St., 27" Floor
Chicago, IL 60603

LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE, WAIVER, AND CONSENT NO. 2020065435403

EXHIBIT A

Customer 1 $ 1,068.65

Customer 2 $ 3,446.42

Customer 3 $ 25,860.03

Customer 4 $ 17,290.13

Customer 5 $ 4,921.65

Customer 6 $ 25,512.53

Customer 7 $ 19,212.99
Customer 8 $ 205.02
Customer 9 $ 1,181.39
Customer 10 $ 14,860.00
Customer 11 $ 1,334.69
Customer 12 $ 903.48
Customer 13 $ 1,448.66
Customer 14 $ 1,924.35
Customer 15 $ 5,218.87
Customer 16 $ 2,697.97
Customer 17 $ 4,527.94
Customer 18 $ 14,726.30
Customer 19 $ 26,387.86
Customer 20 $ 7,827.49
Customer 21 $ 6,566.23
Customer 22 $ 11,815.46
Customer 23 $ 10,752.44
Customer 24 $ 46,407.33
Customer 25 $ 5,311.23
Customer 26 $ 9,086.29
Customer 27 $ 17,737.42
Customer 28 $ 7,496.17
Customer 29 $ 34,871.37
Customer 30 $ 3,028.60
Customer 31 $ 2,574.87
Customer 32 $ 92,233.43
Customer 33 $ 22,526.19
Customer 34 $ 2,776.88
Customer 35 $ 13,729.86
Customer 36 $ 2,484.39
Customer 37 $ 2,568.88
Customer 38 $ 6,470.96

Page 1 of 2

LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE, WAIVER, AND CONSENT NO. 2020065435403

EXHIBIT A

Customer 39 $ 19,377.51
Customer 40 $ 1,974.63
Customer 41 $ 5,156.91
Customer 42 $ 610.66
Customer 43 $ 659.99
Customer 44 $ 6,735.74
Customer 45 $ 50,805.54
Customer 46 $ 44,683.56
Customer 47 $ 27,458.06
Customer 48 $ 878.86

Page 2 of 2
