NYSE ARCA, INC.
LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE, WAIVER, AND CONSENT
NO. 2021-08-16-00027

TO: NYSE Arca, Inc.

RE: Maxim Group LLC, Respondent
CRD No. 120708

During the period between May 1, 2019 and the present (the “Relevant Period”), Maxim
Group LLC (“Maxim or the “Firm”) violated Securities Exchange Act Rule 15¢3-5(b),
(c)(1)@, and (c)(1)(ii) (Risk management controls for brokers or dealers with market
access) (“Rule 15¢3-5” or the “Market Access Rule”) by failing to establish, document, and
maintain a system of risk management controls and supervisory procedures reasonably
designed to manage the financial and regulatory risk of its business activity. Specifically,
the Firm had unreasonable credit limits and erroneous order controls. In addition, the
Firm violated NYSE Arca Rule 11.18(b) and (c) (Supervision) by failing to establish and
maintain a supervisory system and written supervisory procedures reasonably designed to
achieve compliance with the Market Access Rule. Consent to a censure and a $40,000 fine.

* * *

Pursuant to Rule 10.9216 of the NYSE Arca, Inc. (“NYSE Arca” or the “Exchange”) Code of
Procedure, Maxim submits this Letter of Acceptance, Waiver, and Consent (“AWC”) for the
purpose of proposing a settlement of the alleged rule violations described below. This AWC is
submitted on the condition that, if accepted, NYSE Arca will not bring any future actions against
the Firm alleging violations based on the same factual findings described herein.

I. ACCEPTANCE AND CONSENT

A. Maxim hereby accepts and consents, without admitting or denying the findings, and
solely for the purposes of this proceeding and any other proceeding brought by or on
behalf of NYSE Arca, or to which NYSE Arca is a party, prior to a hearing and without
an adjudication of any issue of law or fact, to the entry of the following findings by
NYSE Arca:

BACKGROUND AND JURISDICTION
1. Maxim became registered as an Equities Trading Permit (“ETP”) holder with NYSE

Arca on March 19, 2003 and its registrations remain in effect. Among other services,
Maxim provides market access on an agency basis to institutional customers.

VIOLATIONS

Applicable Rules

2.

Rule 15c3-5 requires, among other things, that a broker-dealer with market access
establish risk management controls and supervisory procedures that are reasonably
designed to limit the financial exposure of the broker-dealer and ensure compliance
with all regulatory requirements applicable to market access.

Rule 15c3-5(b) requires that a broker or dealer with market access, or that provides a
customer with market access, “shall establish, document, and maintain a system of
risk management controls and supervisory procedures reasonably designed to manage
the financial, regulatory, and other risks of this business activity.”

Rule 15c3-5(c), requires a broker or dealer with market access, or that provides a
customer with market access, to design reasonable controls and supervisory
procedures to “[p]revent the entry of orders that exceed pre-set aggregate credit
thresholds for each customer” and to “[p]revent the entry of erroneous orders by
rejecting orders that exceed appropriate price or size parameters.”

NYSE Arca Rule 11.18(b) requires member firms to “establish and maintain a system
to supervise the activities of its associated persons and the operations of its business.
Such system must be reasonably designed to ensure compliance with applicable
federal securities laws and regulations and NYSE Arca Rules.” NYSE Arca Rule
11.18(c) requires each member firm to “establish, maintain, and enforce written
procedures to supervise the business in which it engages and to supervise the
activities of its associated persons that are reasonably designed to ensure compliance
with applicable federal securities laws and regulations, and with the NYSE Arca
Rules.”

Maxim’s Customer Credit Limits

6.

Rule 15c3-5(c)(1)(i) requires that a broker-dealer’s risk management controls and
supervisory procedures be reasonably designed to “prevent the entry of orders that
exceed appropriate pre-set credit or capital thresholds in the aggregate for each
customer.” The Market Access Rule’s Adopting Release explains that these
thresholds should be determined “based on appropriate due diligence as to the
customer’s business, financial condition, trading patterns, and other matters,” and that
a broker-dealer must “document that decision.” Adopting Release at 39.

During the Relevant Period, Maxim failed to apply reasonable credit thresholds to
certain of its institutional customers and failed to maintain sufficient documentation
to support that such credit thresholds were reasonable. For example, Maxim set an
unreasonably high credit threshold for an institutional customer with a daily notional
amount of $800 million, despite the fact that the highest total daily notional value of
orders executed on a per customer basis during the Relevant Period was $50 million.

Maxim also failed to reasonably enforce its supervisory processes and written

2

supervisory procedures (“WSPs’’) concerning the Market Access Rule’s credit
threshold requirements. For example, the Firm failed in certain instances to (i) follow
the methodology set forth in its procedures concerning credit thresholds and (ii)
create and retain documents to sufficiently memorialize its basis or rationale when
setting credit thresholds for certain institutional clients.

Based on the foregoing, the Firm violated Rule 15c3-5(b) and 15c3-5(c)(1)(i), as well
as NYSE Arca Rule 11.18(c).

Maxim’s Erroneous Order Controls

10.

1

—

12.

13.

14.

15.

16.

Rule15c3-5(c)(1)(ii) requires that a broker-dealer’s risk management controls and
supervisory procedures be reasonably designed to . . . [p]revent the entry of erroneous
orders, by rejecting orders that exceed appropriate price or size parameters, on an
order-by-order basis or over a short period of time, or that indicate duplicative
orders.”

. During the Relevant Period, certain of the Firm’s erroneous order controls were not

reasonably designed to prevent the entry of erroneous orders by rejecting orders that
exceeded appropriate price or size parameters. In addition, the Firm failed to
document why the controls related to order size and price were reasonable.

For example, the Firm set its Average Daily Volume (“ADV”) control at 50% for all
securities routed to NYSE Arca and price deviation control at 25% for all securities
routed to NYSE Arca. While the Firm’s Market Access Committee reviewed these
controls on a quarter-over-quarter basis, they remained unreasonably high and the
Firm failed to provide a basis or justification, including documentation,
demonstrating that these controls were reasonable.

Moreover, the Firm’s erroneous order controls were soft blocks that traders could
override. However, while the Firm’s policies and training materials mandated that a
trader confirm the accuracy of an order prior to releasing that order to market, they
did not include reasonable detail on how that review should take place. In addition,
the Firm’s supervisory review of soft block overrides took place on an aggregate,
exchange basis which is not reasonable to meet the requirements of the rule.

Based on the foregoing, the Firm violated Rule 15c3-5(b) and 15c3-5(c)(1)(ii), as
well as NYSE Arca Rule 11.18(b) and (c).

RELEVANT PRIOR DISCIPLINARY HISTORY
On April 22, 2019, Maxim consented to censure, a $450,000 fine, and an undertaking
for violations of Rule 15c3-5 and NYSE Arca Rule 11.18 (the “2019 Settlement”).
See NYSE Arca Matter No. 2016-12-00089.
OTHER FACTORS CONSIDERED

In determining to resolve this matter on the basis set forth herein, NYSE Regulation

3

Enforcement took into consideration that the Firm took significant remedial action
after the 2019 Settlement.

SANCTIONS
B. The Firm also consents to the imposition of the following sanctions:
1. Censure and fine in the amount of $40,000.
The Firm agrees to pay the monetary sanction(s) upon notice that this AWC has been
accepted and that such payment(s) are due and payable. The Firm has submitted a
Method of Payment Confirmation form showing the method by which it will pay the fine

imposed.

The Firm specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim that it is unable to pay,
now or at any time hereafter, the monetary sanction(s) imposed in this matter.

The sanctions imposed herein shall be effective on a date set by NYSE Regulation staff.
Il. WAIVER OF PROCEDURAL RIGHTS

The Firm specifically and voluntarily waives the following rights granted under the NYSE Arca
Code of Procedure:

A. To have a Formal Complaint issued specifying the allegations against the Firm;

B. To be notified of the Formal Complaint and have the opportunity to answer the
allegations in writing;

C. To defend against the allegations in a disciplinary hearing before a hearing panel,
to have a written record of the hearing made and to have a written decision issued;
and

D. To appeal any such decision to the Exchange’s Board of Directors and then to the

U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and a U.S. Court of Appeals.

Further, the Firm specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim bias or prejudgment of
the Chief Regulatory Officer of NYSE Arca; the Exchange’s Board of Directors, Disciplinary
Action Committee (“DAC”), and Committee for Review (“CFR”); any Director, DAC member,
or CFR member; Counsel to the Exchange Board of Directors or CFR; any other NYSE Arca
employee; or any Regulatory Staff as defined in Rule 10.9120 in connection with such person’s
or body’s participation in discussions regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC, or other
consideration of this AWC, including acceptance or rejection of this AWC.

The Firm further specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim that a person violated the
ex parte communication prohibitions of Rule 10.9143 or the separation of functions prohibitions
of Rule 10.9144, in connection with such person’s or body’s participation in discussions
regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC, or other consideration of this AWC, including

Til.

its acceptance or rejection.

OTHER MATTERS

The Firm understands that:

A.

Submission of this AWC is voluntary and will not resolve this matter unless and
until it has been reviewed by NYSE Regulation, and accepted by the Chief
Regulatory Officer of NYSE Arca pursuant to NYSE Arca Rule 10.9216;

If this AWC is not accepted, its submission will not be used as evidence to prove
any of the allegations against the Firm; and

If accepted:

1. The AWC shall be sent to each Director and each member of the Committee
for Review via courier, express delivery or electronic means, and shall be
deemed final and shall constitute the complaint, answer, and decision in the
matter, 10 days after it is sent to each Director and each member of the
Committee for Review, unless review by the Exchange Board of Directors is
requested pursuant to NYSE Arca Rule 10.9310(a)(1)(B);

2. This AWC will become part of the Firm’s permanent disciplinary record and
may be considered in any future actions brought by the Exchange, or any
other regulator against the Firm;

3. NYSE Arca shall publish a copy of the AWC on its website in accordance
with NYSE Arca Rule 10.8313;

4. NYSE Arca may make a public announcement concerning this agreement and
the subject matter thereof in accordance with NYSE Arca Rule 10.8313; and

5. The Firm may not take any action or make or permit to be made any public
statement, including in regulatory filings or otherwise, denying, directly or
indirectly, any finding in this AWC or create the impression that the AWC is
without factual basis. The Firm may not take any position in any proceeding
brought by or on behalf of the Exchange, or to which the Exchange is a party,
that is inconsistent with any part of this AWC. Nothing in this provision
affects the Firm’s (1) testimonial obligations; or (ii) right to take legal or
factual positions in litigation or other legal proceedings in which the
Exchange is not a party.

A signed copy of this AWC and the accompanying Method of Payment
Confirmation form delivered by email, facsimile or other means of electronic
transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an
original signed copy.

The Firm may attach a Corrective Action Statement to this AWC that is a

5

statement of demonstrable corrective steps taken to prevent future misconduct.
The Firm understands that it may not deny the charges or make any statement that
is inconsistent with the AWC in this Statement. Any such statement does not
constitute factual or legal findings by the Exchange, nor does it reflect the views
of NYSE Regulation or its staff.

The Firm certifies that, in connection with each of the Exchange’s requests for information in
connection with this matter, the Firm made a diligent inquiry of all persons and systems that
reasonably had possession of responsive documents and that all responsive documents have been
produced. In agreeing to the AWC, the Exchange has relied upon, among other things, the
completeness of the document productions.

The undersigned, on behalf of the Firm, certifies that a person duly authorized to act on its behalf
has read and understands all of the provisions of this AWC and has been given a full opportunity
to ask questions about it; that it has agreed to the AWC’s provisions voluntarily; and that no
offer, threat, inducement, or promise of any kind, other than the terms set forth herein and the
prospect of avoiding the issuance of a Complaint, has been made to induce the firm to submit it.

2/27/2023 Maxim Group LLC,
Date Respondent

By: et
Name:

Title: Tipton Evans
[orexe)

Accepted by NYSE Regulation

2/27/2023 aN =

a rs

Date Danielle A. Kantor
Director, Enforcement
NYSE Regulation

April Collaku
Regulatory Attorney
NYSE Regulation

Signed on behalf of NYSE Arca, Inc., by
delegated authority from its Chief
Regulatory Officer
