FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY
LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE, WAIVER, AND CONSENT
NO. 2019061764901

TO: Department of Enforcement
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)

RE: Newbridge Securities Corporation, Respondent
Member Firm
CRD No. 104065

Pursuant to FINRA Rule 9216, Respondent Newbridge Securities Corporation (Newbridge)
submits this Letter of Acceptance, Waiver, and Consent (AWC) for the purpose of proposing a
settlement of the alleged rule violations described below. This AWC is submitted on the
condition that, if accepted, FINRA will not bring any future actions against Respondent alleging
violations based on the same factual findings described in this AWC.

I.
ACCEPTANCE AND CONSENT

A. Respondent hereby accepts and consents to the following findings by FINRA without
admitting or denying them:

BACKGROUND

Newbridge has been a FINRA member since 2000 and is headquartered in Boca Raton,
Florida. Newbridge engages in general securities business and has approximately 195
registered representatives and 49 branch offices throughout the United States.

In September 2019, in AWC No. 2016047569601, Newbridge was censured and fined
$225,000 by FINRA in connection with, among other violations, its failure to: (1)
establish, maintain and enforce a supervisory system and written supervisory procedures
concerning the sale of complex securities, such as structured notes and non-traditional
exchange-traded funds, that were reasonably designed to achieve compliance with
FINRA’s suitability rule, in violation of NASD Rule 3010 and FINRA Rules 3110 and
2010, and (2) conduct reasonable due diligence of a private placement and reasonably
supervise the offering, and its failure to establish, maintain and enforce written
supervisory procedures concerning the due diligence required for private placements, in
violation of FINRA Rules 2111, 3110 and 2010.'

' For more information about the firm, including prior regulatory events, visit BrokerCheck® at
www finra.org/brokercheck.

OVERVIEW

Between October 25, 2016 and February 8, 2018, Newbridge failed to reasonably
supervise representatives’ recommendations of an alternative mutual fund—the LIM
Preservation & Growth Fund (LJM).” Newbridge permitted the sale of LJM on its
platform without conducting reasonable due diligence and without a sufficient
understanding of its risks and features, including the fact that the fund pursued a risky
strategy that relied, in part, on purchasing uncovered options. Newbridge also lacked a
reasonable supervisory system to review representatives’ LJM recommendations.
Newbridge representatives sold approximately $323,000 in LJM to customers. LJM’s
value dropped 80% during an extreme volatility event in February 2018 and the fund
ultimately liquidated and closed, resulting in thousands of dollars in losses for
Newbridge’s customers. By virtue of the foregoing, Newbridge violated FINRA Rules
3110 and 2010.

FACTS AND VIOLATIVE CONDUCT

This matter originated from FINRA’s 2019 investigation of firms that sold LJM to retail
customers.

Alternative Mutual Funds

Alternative mutual funds are publicly-offered mutual funds that seek to accomplish the
funds’ objectives through non-traditional investments and trading strategies. In its 2015
National Examination Priorities Letter, FINRA described the features of alternative
mutual funds:

Alternative mutual funds are often marketed as a way for retail customers
to invest in sophisticated, actively-managed hedge fund-like strategies that
will perform well in a variety of market environments. Alternative mutual
funds generally purport to reduce volatility, increase diversification, and
produce non-correlated returns and higher yields compared to traditional
long-only equity and fixed-income funds, all while offering daily liquidity.

In the same letter, FINRA identified alternative mutual funds as an area of review and
noted concerns regarding firms’ supervision and sale of such funds:

Despite their possible benefits, alternative mutual funds raise concerns
when compared to conventional funds. In particular, FINRA is concerned
that registered representatives and customers will not understand how the
funds will respond to various market conditions or even the strategy in
which the fund’s adviser will engage in various market scenarios. In
addition, FINRA has learned that some firms are not reviewing alt funds

? Ticker symbols were LIMIX, LIMCX, and LIMAX.

through their new-product review process, especially if the firm already
has an existing agreement with the fund company.

Previously, FINRA issued Regulatory Notices highlighting the risks of “complex
products,” such as alternative mutual funds, and stressing the need for firms and their
representatives to understand their unique risks and features before recommending them,
particularly to retail customers.?

LJM and the Risks of an Uncovered Options Strategy

LJM was an alternative mutual fund that launched on January 9, 2013. LJM marketed
itself as “selling volatility” by seeking to profit from the “volatility premium’”—the
difference between implied volatility (investors’ forecast of market volatility reflected in
options pricing) and realized (actual) market volatility. To achieve this goal, LIM
invested primarily in purchased (long) and sold (short) call and put options on the S&P
500 futures index. LJM did not hold any underlying stock as a part of its strategy.

In its prospectus, LJM disclosed that “[iJn the aggregate, the Fund is typically ‘net short’
in the portfolio of contracts that it holds, which means the Fund holds more uncovered
option contracts than covered.” The prospectus also disclosed the limited upside, and
unlimited downside, risk associated with uncovered options.

The fact that LJM was typically “net short” or “short volatility” was also disclosed in
various informational and marketing materials provided, or available, to registered
representatives and their firms. This material disclosed that there were certain markets in
which LJM was designed to do well, namely: (1) flat, (ii) choppy, (iii) eroding, or

(iv) slowing rising or falling markets. Conversely, LJM disclosed that there were other
markets in which its strategy would be “challenged,” namely: (i) sustained upward-
trending equity markets, (ii) quick reversals, or (iii) extreme volatility spikes or market
moves. LJM employed a risk mitigation strategy through the use of put option spreads

3 In January 2012, FINRA issued Regulatory Notice 12-03 regarding supervisory procedures governing “complex
products.” In it, FINRA provided guidance to firms on the characteristics of complex products:

Any product with multiple features that affect its investment returns differently under various
scenarios is potentially complex. This is particularly true if it would be unreasonable to expect an
average retail investor to discern the existence of these features and to understand the basic
manner in which these features interact to produce an investment return.

FINRA provided several examples of complex products, including “exchange-traded products [that] offer retail
investors exposure to stock market volatility. ... The investable form of volatility may be in the form of futures on
the CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) that reflect the market’s expectation of volatility.” FINRA stated that “complex”
products present additional risk to retail investors.

Similarly, in June 2013, FINRA issued an Investor Alert, “Alternative Funds Are Not Your Typical Mutual Funds,”
noting among other things: (1) in addition to the usual market and investment specific risks mutual funds have,
alternative mutual funds carry additional risks from the strategies they use; and (2) many alternative mutual funds
have limited performance histories, making it difficult to predict how they will perform in various market
conditions, including downturns.

that was intended to mitigate the risks associated with the challenging markets, including
major market downturns. However, LJM disclosed in its prospectus that “there can be no
assurance that the Fund’s risk mitigation strategies will reduce risk or will be either
available or cost effective.”

In July 2017, Morningstar issued a Fund Report for LJM that described the fund as “[a]n
aggressive option seller with above-average returns and low correlation with equity
markets, but high risk.” The Report further stated that “[t]he strategy is structured to
generate high income but is relatively aggressive and exposed to a steep rise in equity
volatility. Even though these volatility spikes and periods of heightened uncertainty are
infrequent, they could have significant, negative impact on this fund’s future
performance.”

The Firm Did Not Have a Reasonably Designed Supervisory System with Respect to
the Recommendation of Alternative Mutual Funds.

FINRA Rule 3110 sets forth FINRA members’ supervisory obligations. Subsection (a)
requires that each member shall establish and maintain a system to supervise the
activities of each associated person that is reasonably designed to achieve compliance
with applicable securities laws and regulations, and with applicable FINRA rules.
Subsection (b) requires that each member shall establish, maintain, and enforce written
procedures to supervise the types of business in which it engages and the activities of its
associated persons that are reasonably designed to achieve compliance with applicable
securities laws and regulations, and with the applicable FINRA rules. Violations of
FINRA Rule 3110 also constitute violations of FINRA Rule 2010.

FINRA Rule 2111 requires:

a member or associated person to have a reasonable basis to believe, based
on reasonable diligence, that the recommendation is suitable for at least
some investors. In general, what constitutes reasonable diligence will vary
depending on, among other things, the complexity of and risks associated
with the security or investment strategy and the member’s or associated
person’s familiarity with the security or investment strategy. A member’s
or associated person’s reasonable diligence must provide the member or
associated person with an understanding of the potential risks and rewards
associated with the recommended security or strategy. The lack of such an
understanding when recommending a security or strategy violates the
suitability rule.4

Newbridge’s supervision of its representatives’ recommendations of alternative mutual
funds was not reasonable in several respects.

First, the firm had no system or procedures to determine whether a new mutual fund
constituted a “complex product” or was an alternative mutual fund, such that heightened

4 FINRA Rule 2111.05(a) (Supplementary Material to Rule 2111).
4

due diligence of the product may be appropriate. Rather, in reviewing and approving new
alternative mutual funds, the firm subjected them to the same standards as traditional
mutual funds, which did not evaluate the potential risks and rewards associated with the
strategy of the funds. The firm relied solely on the due diligence conducted by the
clearing firm to approve mutual funds on the clearing firm platform and did not conduct
any independent due diligence of LJM.

Second, the firm did not provide adequate guidance or training to representatives
regarding the risks and features of alternative mutual funds and did not have written
supervisory procedures advising firm principals how to supervise recommendations of
alternative mutual funds.

Third, the firm utilized an electronic trade review system to assess the suitability of
mutual fund transactions. However, the firm failed to consider whether the rules of the
review system pertaining to traditional mutual funds were reasonable to review
alternative mutual funds, or whether to modify the rules to address particular risks and
characteristics of alternative mutual funds, including LJM. As a result, Newbridge’s LIM
transactions were approved via the trade system’s auto-approval function, i.e., with no
principal reviewing for suitability.

As LJM was a publicly-offered fund, Newbridge did not review LJM’s investment and
trading strategy as part of a new product approval process, and the firm similarly did not
impose any limitations on the sale of LIM. Newbridge’s first sale of LJM occurred in
October 2016, and the last occurred in November 2017. During that time, Newbridge
representatives sold approximately $323,000 in shares of LJM to ten customers.

On February 5, 2018, the S&P 500 fell 113 points (around 4.1%), which contributed to an
unprecedented increase in market volatility, as measured by the CBOE Volatility Index
(VIX). On February 5, 2018, the VIX more than doubled from 17 to 37, which at that
time was the largest one day rise in its history. As a result of the market’s increased
volatility, the prices of the short option positions sold by LJM increased dramatically. On
February 5 and 6, 2018, LJM lost about 80% of its value. On February 7, LJM announced
that it was closing itself to new investors, and on March 29, 2018, LJM was liquidated
and dissolved. Investors who held shares as of February 6, 2018 lost approximately 80%
of their investment.

Based on the above, Newbridge violated FINRA Rules 3110 and 2010.
Respondent also consents to the imposition of the following sanctions:
. a censure;

. a $50,000 fine;

7 restitution of $114,025.24 plus interest as described below; and

7 an undertaking that, within 90 days of notice of acceptance of this AWC, a
member of Respondent’s senior management who is a registered principal of the
firm shall certify in writing that, as of the date of the certification, the firm has
remediated the issues identified in this AWC and implemented a supervisory
system, including written supervisory procedures, reasonably designed to achieve
compliance with Rule 3110 and 2010, regarding the issues identified in this
AWC. The certification shall include a narrative description and supporting
exhibits sufficient to demonstrate Respondent’s remediation and implementation.
FINRA staff may request further evidence of Respondent’s remediation and
implementation, and Respondent agrees to provide such evidence. Respondent
shall submit the certification to Sean Heikkila, Counsel, FINRA Department of
Enforcement, Brookfield Place, 200 Liberty Street, 11th Floor, New York, NY
10281-1003, with a copy to EnforcementNotice@finra.org. Upon written request
showing good cause, FINRA staff may extend this deadline.

Respondent agrees to pay the monetary sanction upon notice that this AWC has been
accepted and that such payment is due and payable. Respondent has submitted an
Election of Payment form showing the method by which it proposes to pay the fine
imposed.

Restitution is ordered to be paid to the customers listed on Attachment A to this AWC
(“Eligible Customers”) in the total amount of $114,025.24, plus interest at the rate set
forth in Section 6621(a)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code, 26 U.S.C. § 6621(a)(2), from
March 29, 2018 until February 28, 2019.

A registered principal on behalf of Respondent shall submit satisfactory proof of payment
of restitution and interest (separately specifying the date and amount of each Eligible
Customer) or of reasonable and documented efforts undertaken to effect restitution. Such
proof shall be submitted by email to EnforcementNotice@FINRA.org from a work-
related account of the registered principal of Respondent. The email must identify
Respondent and the case number and include a copy of the check, money order, or other
method of payment. This proof shall be provided by email to
EnforcementNotice@FINRA.org no later than 120 days after the date of the notice of
acceptance of the AWC.

The restitution amount plus interest to be paid to each Eligible Customer shall be treated
by the Respondent as the Eligible Customer’s property for purposes of state escheatment,
unclaimed property, abandoned property, and similar laws. If after reasonable and
documented efforts undertaken to effect restitution Respondent is unable to pay all
Eligible Customers within 120 days after the date of the notice of acceptance of the
AWC, Respondent shall submit to FINRA in the manner described above a list of the
unpaid Eligible Customers and a description of Respondent’s plan, not unacceptable to
FINRA, to comply with the applicable escheatment, unclaimed property, abandoned
property, or similar laws for each such Eligible Customer.

Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim an inability to pay, now
or at any time after the execution of this AWC, the monetary sanctions imposed in this
matter.

The imposition of a restitution order or any other monetary sanction in this AWC, and the
timing of such ordered payments, does not preclude customers from pursuing their own
actions to obtain restitution or other remedies.

Restitution payments to customers shall be preceded or accompanied by a letter, not
unacceptable to FINRA, describing the reason for the payment and the fact that the
payment is being made pursuant to a settlement with FINRA and as a term of this AWC.

The sanctions imposed in this AWC shall be effective on a date set by FINRA.

II.
WAIVER OF PROCEDURAL RIGHTS

Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives the following rights granted under FINRA’s
Code of Procedure:

A. To have a complaint issued specifying the allegations against it;

B. To be notified of the complaint and have the opportunity to answer the allegations
in writing;

Cc To defend against the allegations in a disciplinary hearing before a hearing panel,
to have a written record of the hearing made, and to have a written decision
issued; and

D. To appeal any such decision to the NAC and then to the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission and a U.S. Court of Appeals.

Further, Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim bias or prejudgment
of the Chief Legal Officer, the NAC, or any member of the NAC, in connection with such
person’s or body’s participation in discussions regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC,
or other consideration of this AWC, including its acceptance or rejection.

Respondent further specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim that a person violated
the ex parte prohibitions of FINRA Rule 9143 or the separation of functions prohibitions of
FINRA Rule 9144, in connection with such person’s or body’s participation in discussions
regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC, or other consideration of this AWC, including
its acceptance or rejection.

Ii.

OTHER MATTERS

Respondent understands that:

A.

Submission of this AWC is voluntary and will not resolve this matter unless and
until it has been reviewed and accepted by the NAC, a Review Subcommittee of
the NAC, or the Office of Disciplinary Affairs (ODA), pursuant to FINRA Rule
9216;

If this AWC is not accepted, its submission will not be used as evidence to prove
any of the allegations against Respondent; and

If accepted:

1. this AWC will become part of Respondent’s permanent disciplinary
record and may be considered in any future action brought by FINRA or
any other regulator against Respondent;

2. this AWC will be made available through FINRA’s public disclosure
program in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313;

3. FINRA may make a public announcement concerning this agreement and
its subject matter in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313; and

4. Respondent may not take any action or make or permit to be made any
public statement, including in regulatory filings or otherwise, denying,
directly or indirectly, any finding in this AWC or create the impression
that the AWC is without factual basis. Respondent may not take any
position in any proceeding brought by or on behalf of FINRA, or to which
FINRA is a party, that is inconsistent with any part of this AWC. Nothing
in this provision affects Respondent’s right to take legal or factual
positions in litigation or other legal proceedings in which FINRA is not a
party. Nothing in this provision affects Respondent’s testimonial
obligations in any litigation or other legal proceedings.

Respondent may attach a corrective action statement to this AWC that is a
statement of demonstrable corrective steps taken to prevent future misconduct.
Respondent understands that it may not deny the charges or make any statement
that is inconsistent with the AWC in this statement. This statement does not
constitute factual or legal findings by FINRA, nor does it reflect the views of
FINRA.

The undersigned, on behalf of Respondent, certifies that a person duly authorized to act on
Respondent’s behalf has read and understands all of the provisions of this AWC and has been
given a full opportunity to ask questions about it; that Respondent has agreed to the AWC’s
provisions voluntarily; and that no offer, threat, inducement, or promise of any kind, other than

the terms set forth in this AWC and the prospect of avoidi
been made to induce Respondent to submit this A

Da

Reviewed by:

Js! Gregg J. Breitban, Esq.

Gregg Breitbart

Kaufman Dolowich Voluck

100 SE Third Avenue, Suite 1500
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33394

(954) 302-2647
gbreitbart@kdvlaw.com

Accepted by FINRA:

fance of a complaint, has

Newbridge Securities Corporation,
Respondent

Print Name: © Nabe App ;

Title: (corse (ets oe f.

Signed on behalf of the
Director of ODA, by delegated authority

b ss
W zat
Sean Heikkila

Counsel

FINRA

Department of Enforcement

200 Liberty Street, 11" Floor
New York, NY 10281

(646) 315-7312
sean.heikkila@finra.org


ATTACHMENT A

SCHEDULE OF RESTITUTION

Restitution Amount
Exclusive of Interest
$15,029.33
$10,484.64
$6,451.80
$17,839.16
$7,204.08

Account #

$24,148.98
$2,089.26
$22,793:22
$7,984.57
$114,025.24

Total

11
