TO:

FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY
LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE, WAIVER, AND CONSENT
NO. 2017056516801

Department of Enforcement
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)

Lighthouse Capital Group, LLC (Respondent)
Member Firm
CRD No. 169135

Pursuant to FINRA Rule 9216, Respondent Lighthouse Capital Group, LLC submits this Letter
of Acceptance, Waiver, and Consent (AWC) for the purpose of proposing a settlement of the
alleged rule violations described below. This AWC is submitted on the condition that, if
accepted, FINRA will not bring any future actions against Respondent alleging violations based
on the same factual findings described in this AWC.

I.
ACCEPTANCE AND CONSENT

Respondent accepts and consents to the following findings by FINRA without admitting
or denying them:

BACKGROUND
Lighthouse Capital Group, LLC has been a FINRA member since 2014 and is
headquartered in Pasadena, CA. It has approximately 25 registered representatives in one
branch. Lighthouse engages primarily in solicitation and sale of private placement
securities. !
OVERVIEW
From January 2017 to December 2018, Lighthouse did not establish, maintain, and
enforce a supervisory system, including written supervisory procedures, reasonably
designed to ensure that it did not engage in general solicitations of private placements.
Accordingly, Lighthouse violated FINRA Rules 3110 and 2010.
FACTS AND VIOLATIVE CONDUCT

This matter originated from a review by FINRA’s Corporate Finance Department.

FINRA Rule 3110(a) requires a member firm to establish and maintain a system to
supervise the activities of each associated person that is reasonably designed to achieve

' For more information about the firm, visit BrokerCheck® at www finra.org/brokercheck.

compliance with applicable securities laws and regulations, and with applicable FINRA
rules. FINRA Rule 3110(b) requires a member firm to establish, maintain, and enforce
written procedures to supervise the types of business in which it engages and the
activities of its associated persons that are reasonably designed to achieve compliance
with applicable securities laws and regulations, and with applicable FINRA Rules. A
violation of FINRA Rule 3110 also is a violation of FINRA Rule 2010, which requires
members to “observe high standards of commercial honor and just and equitable
principles of trade” in the conduct of their business.

Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933 prohibits the offer or sale of securities unless
either a registration statement is in effect as to such securities or the sales are exempt
from registration. Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act exempts from registration
“transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering.” Rule 506(b) of
Regulation D provides a safe harbor under Section 4(a)(2) for private offerings of
unregistered securities if certain conditions are met. One such condition is that the
offering must not involve a general solicitation to market the securities. Rule 502(c) of
Regulation D, in turn, generally sets forth the forms of prohibited general solicitations.

The SEC has stated that a broker-dealer, acting on behalf of an issuer, can demonstrate
the absence of general solicitation under Rule 502(c) by establishing a pre-existing,
substantive relationship with the prospective investors. A “pre-existing relationship is one
... that was established through . . . a registered broker-dealer . . . prior to the registered
broker-dealer[’s] . . . participation in the offering.”? “A ‘substantive’ relationship is one
in which the issuer (or a person acting on its behalf) has sufficient information to
evaluate, and does, in fact, evaluate, a prospective offeree’s financial circumstances and
sophistication, in determining his or her status as an accredited or sophisticated
investor.” For example, a broker-dealer can establish a pre-existing, substantive
relationship with a prospective investor through a previous investment in securities
offered by the issuer or through the broker-dealer. It can also do so through submission
and approval of an investor qualification questionnaire that is unrelated to any specific
offering and elicits adequate information for the firm to determine the financial
circumstances and sophistication of the client.

In 2017 and 2018, Lighthouse sold approximately 65 private placements in reliance on
the Rule 506(b) safe harbor, raising approximately $273 million in capital for issuers.

During this period, Lighthouse’s supervisory system and written supervisory procedures
were not reasonably designed to prevent general solicitations of private placements. In
particular, Lighthouse’s supervisory system did not consistently monitor and document
when the firm established a substantive relationship with a prospective investor, or to
confirm—before a prospective investor was solicited for an offering—that the firm had a
substantive relationship with that investor. The firm failed to systematically collect

? SEC Compliance and Disclosure Interpretations, Question 256.29, dated Aug. 6, 2015, available at
https://www.sec.gov/corpfin/securities-act-rules.

3 See id., Question 256.31.


complete information regarding prospective investors and failed to have a reasonable
system to determine the date the firm first developed a substantive relationship with each
prospective investor. Accordingly, the firm was not able to always confirm that it had a
pre-existing, substantive relationship with a prospective investor prior to soliciting the
prospective investor for an offering. As a result, with respect to certain of the actual or
prospective investors in at least eight of the offerings referenced above, the firm was
unable to reasonably supervise the solicitations to ensure that a pre-existing, substantive
relationship existed prior to the solicitation in compliance with applicable rule
requirements.

Further, during this period, the firm’s written supervisory procedures did not define what
constituted general solicitation or give sufficient guidance or instruction to the firm’s
supervisors about whether, when, or how to review the activities of firm personnel to
ensure that general solicitation was not occurring.

Subsequent to the relevant period herein, Lighthouse revised its supervisory systems and
written procedures in this area by, among other things, requiring the firm’s
representatives to consistently obtain and document each potential investor’s
accreditation, investment experience and goals, and other financial information within the
firm’s books and records prior to any solicitation being made.

Therefore, Respondent violated FINRA Rules 3110 and 2010.
Respondent also consents to the imposition of the following sanctions:
7 a censure; and

. a $250,000 fine.

Respondent agrees to pay the monetary sanction upon notice that this AWC has been
accepted and that such payment is due and payable. Respondent has submitted an
Election of Payment form showing the method by which it proposes to pay the fine
imposed.

Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim an inability to pay, now
or at any time after the execution of this AWC, the monetary sanction imposed in this

matter.

The sanctions imposed in this AWC shall be effective on a date set by FINRA.

II.
WAIVER OF PROCEDURAL RIGHTS

Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives the following rights granted under FINRA’s
Code of Procedure:

A. To have a complaint issued specifying the allegations against it;

B. To be notified of the complaint and have the opportunity to answer the allegations
in writing;

Cc To defend against the allegations in a disciplinary hearing before a hearing panel,
to have a written record of the hearing made, and to have a written decision
issued; and

D. To appeal any such decision to the National Adjudicatory Council (NAC) and
then to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and a U.S. Court of
Appeals.

Further, Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim bias or prejudgment
of the Chief Legal Officer, the NAC, or any member of the NAC, in connection with such
person’s or body’s participation in discussions regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC,
or other consideration of this AWC, including its acceptance or rejection.

Respondent further specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim that a person violated
the ex parte prohibitions of FINRA Rule 9143 or the separation of functions prohibitions of
FINRA Rule 9144, in connection with such person’s or body’s participation in discussions
regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC, or other consideration of this AWC, including
its acceptance or rejection.

I.
OTHER MATTERS
Respondent understands that:
A. Submission of this AWC is voluntary and will not resolve this matter unless and

until it has been reviewed and accepted by the NAC, a Review Subcommittee of
the NAC, or the Office of Disciplinary Affairs (ODA), pursuant to FINRA
Rule 9216;

B. If this AWC is not accepted, its submission will not be used as evidence to prove
any of the allegations against Respondent; and

C. If accepted:

1. this AWC will become part of Respondent’s permanent disciplinary
record and may be considered in any future action brought by FINRA or
any other regulator against Respondent;

2. this AWC will be made available through FINRA’s public disclosure
program in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313;

3. FINRA may make a public announcement concerning this agreement and
its subject matter in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313; and

4. Respondent may not take any action or make or permit to be made any
public statement, including in regulatory filings or otherwise, denying,
directly or indirectly, any finding in this AWC or create the impression
that the AWC is without factual basis. Respondent may not take any
position in any proceeding brought by or on behalf of FINRA, or to which
FINRA is a party, that is inconsistent with any part of this AWC. Nothing
in this provision affects Respondent’s right to take legal or factual
positions in litigation or other legal proceedings in which FINRA is not a
party. Nothing in this provision affects Respondent’s testimonial
obligations in any litigation or other legal proceedings.

D. Respondent may attach a corrective action statement to this AWC that is a
statement of demonstrable corrective steps taken to prevent future misconduct.
Respondent understands that it may not deny the charges or make any statement
that is inconsistent with the AWC in this statement. This statement does not
constitute factual or legal findings by FINRA, nor does it reflect the views of
FINRA.

The undersigned, on behalf of Respondent, certifies that a person duly authorized to act on
Respondent’s behalf has read and understands all of the provisions of this AWC and has been
given a full opportunity to ask questions about it; that Respondent has agreed to the AWC’s
provisions voluntarily; and that no offer, threat, inducement, or promise of any kind, other than
the terms set forth in this AWC and the prospect of avoiding the issuance of a complaint, has
been made to induce Respondent to submit this AWC.

February 15, 2023 Jostuna Ungeredet

Date Lighthouse Capital Group, LLC
Respondent

: Joshua Ungerecht
Print Name:

Title: CEO


Reviewed by:

Pdr (haw

Peter Chan

Counsel for Respondent

Baker & McKenzie LLP

300 East Randolph Street, Suite 5000
Chicago, IL 60601

Jevnifur Covsnors

Jennifer Connors
Holland & Knight

31 West 52" Street
New York, NY 10019

Accepted by FINRA:

Signed on behalf of the

Director of ODA, by delegated authority
March 1, 2023 Maya Kuronan,
Date Maya Krugman

Senior Counsel

FINRA

Department of Enforcement
200 Liberty Street
New York, NY 10821
