TO:

RE:

FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY
LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE, WAIVER, AND CONSENT
NO. 2021069365001

Department of Enforcement
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)

Long Island Financial Group, Inc. (Respondent)
Member Firm
CRD No. 31148

Pursuant to FINRA Rule 9216, Respondent Long Island Financial Group, Inc. (LIFG) submits
this Letter of Acceptance, Waiver, and Consent (AWC) for the purpose of proposing a settlement
of the alleged rule violations described below. This AWC is submitted on the condition that, if
accepted, FINRA will not bring any future actions against Respondent alleging violations based
on the same factual findings described in this AWC.

I.
ACCEPTANCE AND CONSENT

Respondent accepts and consents to the following findings by FINRA without admitting
or denying them:

BACKGROUND

LIFG became a FINRA member firm in 1993. The firm is in Long Island, New York, and
has five registered representatives. The firm provides services to retail customers,
focusing on sales of equities, mutual funds, and variable annuities. !

OVERVIEW

Since June 30, 2020, LIFG has failed to establish, maintain, and enforce written policies
and procedures reasonably designed to achieve compliance with Exchange Act Rule 15/-
1 (Regulation Best Interest or Reg BI). Additionally, LIFG failed to establish and
maintain a supervisory system, including written supervisory procedures (WSPs),
reasonably designed to achieve compliance with Reg BI. As a result, LIFG violated
Exchange Act Rule 15/-1 and FINRA Rules 3110 and 2010.

During this period, LIFG also failed to establish and maintain a supervisory system,
including WSPs, reasonably designed to achieve compliance with Exchange Act Rule
17a-14 obligations to prepare, file, and deliver its Form CRS. As a result, LIFG violated
FINRA Rules 3110 and 2010.

' For more information about the firm, including prior regulatory events, visit BrokerCheck® at
www finra.org/brokercheck.

FACTS AND VIOLATIVE CONDUCT

This matter originated from the firm’s 2021 cycle examination.

LIFG Failed to Have Written Policies and Procedures, and a Supervisory System,
Reasonably Designed to Achieve Compliance with Regulation Best Interest

As of June 30, 2020, broker-dealers and their associated persons are required to comply
with Reg BI under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Reg BI requires a broker, dealer,
or a natural person associated with a broker or dealer, when making a recommendation of
any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities (including account
recommendations) to a retail customer, to act in the best interest of that retail customer at
the time the recommendation is made, without placing the financial or other interest of
the broker, dealer, or associated person ahead of the interest of the retail customer.

Reg BI’s Compliance Obligation, set forth at Exchange Act Rule 15/-1(a)(2)(iv), requires
a broker-dealer to establish, maintain, and enforce written policies and procedures
reasonably designed to achieve compliance with Reg BI. Reg BI’s Adopting Release
provides that broker-dealers should consider the nature of that firm’s operations and how
to design such policies and procedures to prevent violations from occurring, to detect
violations that have occurred, and to correct promptly any violations that have occurred.

Additionally, Reg BI’s Conflict of Interest Obligation, set forth at Exchange Act Rule
15/-1(a)(2)(iii), requires broker-dealers to establish, maintain, and enforce written
policies and procedures addressing conflicts of interest, defined as interests that might
incline a broker-dealer or an associated person—consciously or unconsciously—to make
a recommendation that is not disinterested. Such procedures must be, among other things,
reasonably designed to identify and mitigate any conflicts of interest associated with
recommendations to retail customers that create an incentive for an associated person to
place the firm’s interest, or the associated person’s interest, ahead of the customer’s
interest. This obligation applies to incentives that are provided to the associated person,
whether by the firm or third parties, that are within the control of or associated with the
broker-dealer’s business.

FINRA Rule 3110 requires member firms to establish, maintain, and enforce a
supervisory system, including WSPs, to supervise the activities of each associated person
that is reasonably designed to achieve compliance with applicable securities laws,
regulations, and FINRA rules.

A violation of Exchange Act Rule 15/-1 and FINRA Rule 3110 also is a violation of
FINRA Rule 2010, which requires member firms to observe high standards of
commercial honor and just and equitable principles of trade in the conduct of their
business.

From June 30, 2020, to the present, LIFG failed to establish, maintain, and enforce
written policies and procedures reasonably designed to achieve compliance with Reg BL.
LIFG also failed to establish, maintain, and enforce a supervisory system, including

2

WSPs, reasonably designed to achieve compliance with Reg BI. From June 30, 2020, to
November 1, 2021, the firm failed to make any reference to Reg BI in its written policies
and procedures. On November 1, 2021, the firm began to use written policies and
procedures that contained general background information about Reg BI but still had no
procedures to prevent, detect, or promptly correct violations of Reg BI or to otherwise
achieve compliance with Reg BI.

Therefore, LIFG violated Exchange Act Rule 15/-1 and FINRA Rules 3110 and 2010.

LIFG Failed to Have a Supervisory System, Including WSPs, Reasonably Designed
to Achieve Compliance with Form CRS Obligations

On June 5, 2019, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) adopted Form CRS
and rules creating new requirements—which include requirements to prepare, file and
deliver the Form CRS pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 17a-14—for SEC-registered
broker-dealers offering services to a retail investor. The compliance date for Form CRS
was June 30, 2020.

Form CRS provides customers with information about the types of services the firm
offers; the fees, costs, conflicts of interest, and required standard of conduct associated
with those services; whether the firm and its investment professionals have reportable
legal or disciplinary history; and how to get more information about the firm.

From June 30, 2020, to the present, LIFG failed to establish and maintain a supervisory
system, including WSPs, reasonably designed to achieve compliance with Form CRS
requirements. From June 30, 2020, to November 1, 2021, the firm failed to make any
reference to Form CRS in its WSPs. On November 1, 2021, the firm began to use WSPs
that contained general background information about Form CRS but still had no
procedures regarding the preparation, filing, and distribution of the Form CRS. As of
March 2022, the firm was again using WSPs that made no reference to Form CRS.

Therefore, LIFG violated FINRA Rules 3110 and 2010.

Respondent also consents to the imposition of the following sanctions:
. a censure;

. a $35,000 fine; and

7 an undertaking that, within 90 days of the date of the notice of acceptance of this
AWC, a member of Respondent’s senior management who is a registered
principal of the firm shall certify in writing that, as of the date of the certification,
the firm has remediated the issues identified in this AWC and (1) implemented
written policies and procedures reasonably designed to achieve compliance with
Reg BI and (2) implemented a supervisory system, including written supervisory
procedures, reasonably designed to achieve compliance with Exchange Act Rules
15/-1 and 17a-14 regarding the issues identified in this AWC. The certification

3

shall include a narrative description and supporting exhibits sufficient to
demonstrate Respondent’s remediation and implementation. FINRA staff may
request further evidence of Respondent’s remediation and implementation, and
Respondent agrees to provide such evidence. Respondent shall submit the
certification to Shane B. Kelly, Counsel, 4600 S. Syracuse Street, Suite 1400,
Denver, Colorado, 80237, or electronically to shane.kelly@finra.org, with a copy
to EnforcementNotice@finra.org. Upon written request showing good cause,
FINRA staff may extend this deadline.

Respondent agrees to pay the monetary sanction upon notice that this AWC has been
accepted and that such payment is due and payable. Respondent has submitted an
Election of Payment form showing the method by which it proposes to pay the fine
imposed.

Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim an inability to pay, now
or at any time after the execution of this AWC, the monetary sanction imposed in this

matter.

The sanctions imposed in this AWC shall be effective on a date set by FINRA.

II.

WAIVER OF PROCEDURAL RIGHTS

Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives the following rights granted under FINRA’s
Code of Procedure:

A.

B.

To have a complaint issued specifying the allegations against it;

To be notified of the complaint and have the opportunity to answer the allegations
in writing;

To defend against the allegations in a disciplinary hearing before a hearing panel,
to have a written record of the hearing made, and to have a written decision
issued; and

To appeal any such decision to the National Adjudicatory Council (NAC) and
then to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and a U.S. Court of
Appeals.

Further, Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim bias or prejudgment
of the Chief Legal Officer, the NAC, or any member of the NAC, in connection with such
person’s or body’s participation in discussions regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC,
or other consideration of this AWC, including its acceptance or rejection.

Respondent further specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim that a person violated
the ex parte prohibitions of FINRA Rule 9143 or the separation of functions prohibitions of

4

FINRA Rule 9144, in connection with such person’s or body’s participation in discussions
regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC, or other consideration of this AWC, including
its acceptance or rejection.

Til.

OTHER MATTERS

Respondent understands that:

A.

Submission of this AWC is voluntary and will not resolve this matter unless and
until it has been reviewed and accepted by the NAC, a Review Subcommittee of
the NAC, or the Office of Disciplinary Affairs (ODA), pursuant to FINRA Rule
9216;

If this AWC is not accepted, its submission will not be used as evidence to prove
any of the allegations against Respondent; and

If accepted:

1. this AWC will become part of Respondent’s permanent disciplinary
record and may be considered in any future action brought by FINRA or
any other regulator against Respondent;

2. this AWC will be made available through FINRA’s public disclosure
program in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313;

3. FINRA may make a public announcement concerning this agreement and
its subject matter in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313; and

4. Respondent may not take any action or make or permit to be made any
public statement, including in regulatory filings or otherwise, denying,
directly or indirectly, any finding in this AWC or create the impression
that the AWC is without factual basis. Respondent may not take any
position in any proceeding brought by or on behalf of FINRA, or to which
FINRA is a party, that is inconsistent with any part of this AWC. Nothing
in this provision affects Respondent’s right to take legal or factual
positions in litigation or other legal proceedings in which FINRA is not a
party. Nothing in this provision affects Respondent’s testimonial
obligations in any litigation or other legal proceedings.

Respondent may attach a corrective action statement to this AWC that is a
statement of demonstrable corrective steps taken to prevent future misconduct.
Respondent understands that it may not deny the charges or make any statement
that is inconsistent with the AWC in this statement. This statement does not
constitute factual or legal findings by FINRA, nor does it reflect the views of
FINRA.

The undersigned, on behalf of Respondent, certifies that a person duly authorized to act on
Respondent’s behalf has read and understands all of the provisions of this AWC and has been
given a full opportunity to ask questions about it; that Respondent has agreed to the AWC’s
provisions voluntarily; and that no offer, threat, inducement, or promise of any kind, other than
the terms set forth in this AWC and the prospect of avoiding the issuance of a complaint, has
been made to induce Respondent to submit this AWC.

January 13, 2023 5 his

Date Long Island Financial Group, Inc.
Respondent

. Stuart Reis
Print Name:

Title: president

Accepted by FINRA:

Signed on behalf of the
Director of ODA, by delegated authority

February 10, 2023 Sl p. belly

Date Shane B. Kelly
Counsel
FINRA
Department of Enforcement
4600 S. Syracuse St., Suite 1400
Denver, CO 80237

