TO:

RE:

FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY
LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE, WAIVER, AND CONSENT
NO. 2019063881901

Department of Enforcement
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)

Baker Tilly Capital, LLC (Respondent)
Member Firm
CRD No. 115333

Pursuant to FINRA Rule 9216, Respondent Baker Tilly Capital, LLC, submits this Letter of
Acceptance, Waiver, and Consent (AWC) for the purpose of proposing a settlement of the
alleged rule violations described below. This AWC is submitted on the condition that, if
accepted, FINRA will not bring any future actions against Respondent alleging violations based
on the same factual findings described in this AWC.

I.
ACCEPTANCE AND CONSENT

Respondent accepts and consents to the following findings by FINRA without admitting
or denying them:

BACKGROUND

Baker Tilly Capital, LLC (BTC) has been a FINRA member since 2001. BTC is
headquartered in Madison, Wisconsin. It has 8 branches and approximately 40 registered
representatives. The firm is a limited purpose broker-dealer and offers private placement
investment opportunities in real estate and other alternative investments to accredited
investors. !

OVERVIEW
In 2019, BTC permitted material changes to the terms of two related private placement
offerings without terminating the offerings and returning funds to investors. Therefore,
BTC willfully violated Exchange Act Rule 10b-9 and FINRA Rule 2010.
FACTS AND VIOLATIVE CONDUCT

This matter originated from a cause examination by FINRA’s Corporate Financing
Department.

Exchange Act Rule 10b-9 requires, in connection with the sale of securities on an “all-or-
none” or “part or none” basis, disclosure to investors that consideration paid for securities

' For more information about the firm, visit BrokerCheck® at www. finra.org/brokercheck.

will be promptly refunded unless the minimum number of securities are sold at a
specified price within a specified time, and the total amount due to the seller is received
by a specified date. The offering “may not be considered ‘sold’ . . . unless all the
securities required to be placed are sold in bona fide transactions and are fully paid for.””
While not a guarantee, satisfaction of the minimum contingency indicates to investors
that the offering was priced fairly.

Any change in a material term of an “all-or-none” or “part or none” offering requires the
offering to be terminated and investor funds to be returned. Investors cannot waive this
requirement by affirmatively consenting to the changes, except to extend the termination
date of the offering. A broker-dealer that fails to terminate an offering following a
material change to the terms of an offering—including changing the minimum
contingency amount—violates Exchange Act Rule 10b-9.?

A violation of Exchange Act Rule 10b-9 is also a violation of FINRA Rule 2010, which
requires a member, in the conduct of its business, to observe high standards of
commercial honor and just and equitable principles of trade.

In 2019, BTC served as the private placement agent for two related private placements
(the offering). The offering raised funds for a real estate development in a federally
designated qualified opportunity zone. Investments in qualified opportunity zones may
provide tax benefits to investors, so long as their investment occurs within a certain time
period and satisfies other conditions.

In March 2019, the original private placement memorandum (PPM) for the offering
stated that a closing would not occur until the offering met a minimum contingency of
$16 million in investor subscriptions.

However, the issuer amended the PMM in June 2019 to state that an initial closing of
approximately $6 million would take place later that month. The issuer conducted the
June closing so that certain investors would not lose the tax benefits of their investment.*
Because the early closing was a material change to the terms of the offering, BTC was
required to, but did not, terminate the offering and return investor funds at that time.

Additionally, amendments to the PPM in June and August 2019 provided for the first
time that, in addition to investor subscriptions, alternative funding sources obtained by
the manager of the offering could count toward the minimum contingency amount. The
alternative funding could include deferred developer fees, a construction loan, and other
sources not involving investor subscriptions. Again, because this was a material change

2 SEC Rel. No. 33-11532, 1975 SEC LEXIS 1229 at *3 (July 11, 1975). See also FINRA Regulatory Notice 16-08
(Feb. 2016).

3 See FINRA Regulatory Notice 16-08 at p. 2 (Broker-dealers violate Rule 10b-9 “by failing to return subscriber
funds after the issuer changed the contingency by reducing the offering minimum.”).

4 The closing in June 2019 resulted in securities being issued to investors, but their funds remained in escrow until a
later closing in August 2019.

to the terms of the offering, BTC was required to, but did not, terminate the offering and
return investor funds at that time.

Ultimately, the issuer conducted a closing in August 2019 with only $10.925 million in
investor subscriptions, including $2.95 million raised for the June closing, below the
required $16 million minimum contingency.

Therefore, Respondent willfully violated Exchange Rule 10b-9 and FINRA Rule 2010.
B. Respondent also consents to the imposition of the following sanctions:
. a censure and
. a $90,000 fine.
Respondent agrees to pay the monetary sanction upon notice that this AWC has been
accepted and that such payment is due and payable. Respondent has submitted an
Election of Payment form showing the method by which it proposes to pay the fine
imposed.
Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim an inability to pay, now
or at any time after the execution of this AWC, the monetary sanction imposed in this
matter.
Respondent understands that this settlement includes a finding that it willfully violated
Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that under Article III, Section 4
of FINRA’s By-Laws, this makes Respondent subject to a statutory disqualification with
respect to membership.
The sanctions imposed in this AWC shall be effective on a date set by FINRA.
IL.
WAIVER OF PROCEDURAL RIGHTS

Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives the following rights granted under FINRA’s
Code of Procedure:

A. To have a complaint issued specifying the allegations against it;

B. To be notified of the complaint and have the opportunity to answer the allegations
in writing;

C. To defend against the allegations in a disciplinary hearing before a hearing panel,
to have a written record of the hearing made, and to have a written decision
issued; and

D. To appeal any such decision to the National Adjudicatory Council (NAC) and
then to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and a U.S. Court of
Appeals.

Further, Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim bias or prejudgment
of the Chief Legal Officer, the NAC, or any member of the NAC, in connection with such
person’s or body’s participation in discussions regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC,
or other consideration of this AWC, including its acceptance or rejection.

Respondent further specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim that a person violated
the ex parte prohibitions of FINRA Rule 9143 or the separation of functions prohibitions of
FINRA Rule 9144, in connection with such person’s or body’s participation in discussions
regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC, or other consideration of this AWC, including
its acceptance or rejection.

IL.
OTHER MATTERS
Respondent understands that:
A. Submission of this AWC is voluntary and will not resolve this matter unless and

until it has been reviewed and accepted by the NAC, a Review Subcommittee of
the NAC, or the Office of Disciplinary Affairs (ODA), pursuant to FINRA Rule
9216;

B. If this AWC is not accepted, its submission will not be used as evidence to prove
any of the allegations against Respondent; and

C, If accepted:

1. this AWC will become part of Respondent’s permanent disciplinary
record and may be considered in any future action brought by FINRA or
any other regulator against Respondent;

2s this AWC will be made available through FINRA’s public disclosure
program in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313;

3. FINRA may make a public announcement concerning this agreement and
its subject matter in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313; and
4. Respondent may not take any action or make or permit to be made any

public statement, including in regulatory filings or otherwise, denying,
directly or indirectly, any finding in this AWC or create the impression
that the AWC is without factual basis. Respondent may not take any
position in any proceeding brought by or on behalf of FINRA, or to which
FINRA is a party, that is inconsistent with any part of this AWC. Nothing
in this provision affects Respondent’s right to take legal or factual

4

positions in litigation or other legal proceedings in which FINRA is not a
party. Nothing in this provision affects Respondent’s testimonial
obligations in any litigation or other legal proceedings.

Respondent may attach a corrective action statement to this AWC that is a
statement of demonstrable corrective steps taken to prevent future misconduct.
Respondent understands that it may not deny the charges or make any statement
that is inconsistent with the AWC in this statement. This statement does not
constitute factual or legal findings by FINRA, nor does it reflect the views of
FINRA.

The undersigned, on behalf of Respondent, certifies that a person duly authorized to act on
Respondent's behalf has read and understands all of the provisions of this AWC and has been
given a full opportunity to ask questions about it; that Respondent has agreed to the AWC’s
provisions voluntarily; and that no offer, threat, inducement, or promise of any kind, other than
the terms set forth in this AWC and the prospect of avoiding the issuance of a complaint, has
been made to induce Respondent to submit this AWC.

3-(0-23 TH
Date Baker Tilly Capital, LLC

Respondent
Print Name: Tylec Lads
Title: P ces ident

Reviewed by:

Matthew C. Boba
Counsel for Respondent
Chapman and Cutler LLP
320 South Canal Street
Chicago, IL 60606


Accepted by FINRA:

March 29, 2023

Date

Signed on behalf of the
Director of ODA, by delegated authority

Kathurune Flore

Katherine Florio

Counsel

FINRA

Department of Enforcement
Brookfield Place

200 Liberty Street

New York, NY 10281
