UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Before the
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

INVESTMENT ADVISERS ACT OF 1940
Release No. 6270 / April 3, 2023

INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940
Release No. 34875 / April 3, 2023

ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDING
File No. 3-21355

ORDER INSTITUTING ADMINISTRATIVE
In the Matter of AND CEASE-AND-DESIST PROCEEDINGS,
PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 203(e), 203(f),
CHATHAM ASSET AND 203(k) OF THE INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT, LLC, AND ADVISERS ACT OF 1940, AND SECTIONS
ANTHONY MELCHIORRE 9(b) AND 9(f) OF THE INVESTMENT
COMPANY ACT OF 1940, MAKING
Respondents. FINDINGS, AND IMPOSING REMEDIAL
SANCTIONS AND A CEASE-AND-DESIST
ORDER
L

The Securities and Exchange Commission (“Commission”) deems it appropriate and in the
public interest that public administrative and cease-and-desist proceedings be, and hereby are,
instituted pursuant to Sections 203(e), 203(f), and 203(k) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940
(“Advisers Act’), and Sections 9(b) and 9(f) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (“Investment
Company Act”) against Chatham Asset Management, LLC (“Chatham”) and Anthony Melchiorre
(“Melchiorre’”’) (together with Chatham, “Respondents”).

Il.

In anticipation of the institution of these proceedings, Respondents have submitted Offers
of Settlement (the “Offers”) which the Commission has determined to accept. Solely for the
purpose of these proceedings and any other proceedings brought by or on behalf of the
Commission, or to which the Commission is a party, and without admitting or denying the findings
herein, except as to the Commission’s jurisdiction over them and the subject matter of these
proceedings, which are admitted, and except as provided herein in Section V below as to
Melchiorre, Respondents consent to the entry of this Order Instituting Administrative and Cease-
and-Desist Proceedings Pursuant to Sections 203(e), 203(f), and 203(k) of the Investment Advisers

Act of 1940, and Sections 9(b) and 9(f) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, Making Findings,
and Imposing Remedial Sanctions and a Cease-and-Desist Order (“Order”), as set forth below.

Il.

On the basis of this Order and Respondents’ Offers, the Commission finds! that:

Summary

1. This matter arises from Chatham’s and Melchiorre’s trading, on behalf of their fund
clients, in three high-yield debt securities issued by American Media Inc. (“AMI”), a wholly-owned
subsidiary of AMI Parent Holdings, LLC (“AMI Parent’). At times, from 2016 through 2018,
Chatham and Melchiorre engaged in transactions in these AMI debt securities (the “AMI Bonds”)
that resulted in one Chatham fund selling AMI Bonds and a different Chatham fund purchasing the
same AMI Bonds, through various broker-dealers (the “Rebalancing Trades”). Chatham engaged in
the Rebalancing Trades to address portfolio constraints such as industry or issuer fund concentration
limits, to meet investor redemptions, and to allocate capital inflows and outflows. These trades
were executed at prices Chatham and Melchiorre proposed. Over time, the prices at which Chatham
and Melchiorre traded the securities in the Rebalancing Trades increased at a significantly higher
rate than the prices of similar securities. Chatham’s and Melchiorre’s trading in the AMI Bonds
accounted for the vast majority of the trading in those Bonds and therefore over time had a material
effect on their pricing.

2. Chatham and Melchiorre calculated the net asset values (“NAVs”) of their client
funds’ holdings using pricing data that was based, in part, on the trading prices of the securities. As
a result, during the relevant time period, the NAVs of Chatham’s Clients were higher than they
would have been if Chatham’s Rebalancing Trades were removed from the market for the AMI
Bonds, which, in turn, resulted in higher fees being charged to the clients than would have been
charged if Chatham’s Rebalancing Trades were removed from the market.

3h Many of the Rebalancing Trades involved open-ended mutual funds regulated as
registered investment companies (““RICs”). In those cases, Chatham and Melchiorre aided and
abetted and caused RICs to enter into prohibited affiliate transactions in violation of Sections
17(a)(1) and (2) of the Investment Company Act.

Respondents

4. Chatham Asset Management LLC (“Chatham”) is a Delaware limited liability
company based in Chatham, New Jersey. It has been registered with the Commission as an
investment adviser since 2012 (CRD No. 157517; SEC No. 801-73452). From approximately
January 2016 to December 2018 (the “Relevant Period”), Chatham advised and managed a number

d The findings herein are made pursuant to Respondents’ Offers and are not binding on any other person or

entity in this or any other proceeding.

of hedge funds, including the following: the Chatham Asset High Yield Master Fund, Ltd.; the
Chatham Asset Private Debt and Strategic Capital Fund, LP; the Chatham Fund, LP; the Chatham
Everest Fund, L.P.; and the Chatham Eureka Fund, LP (collectively the “Funds’’). The Funds are
organized as domestic and offshore partnerships. During the Relevant Period, Chatham also
served as the adviser or sub-adviser to a number of liquid alternative funds? (“LAFs” together with
the Funds, the “Clients’”’), some of which LAFs were RICs. Per its Form ADV filed in March
2022, Chatham managed approximately $8.6 billion on a discretionary basis across its Clients.

5. Anthony Melchiorre, age 55, resides in Short Hills, New Jersey. He is the founder
and principal owner of Chatham. During the Relevant Period, Melchiorre owned approximately
70 percent of Chatham, and is the managing member of the general partner entity for each of the
Funds. During the Relevant Period, Melchiorre also served as the primary portfolio manager for
all of Chatham’s Clients.

Other Relevant Entity

6. AML now known as a360 Media LLC, is a print media publisher that, during the
Relevant Period, was responsible for numerous long-running publications, including US Weekly
and The National Enquirer. Chatham acquired 78 percent of AMI Parent’s equity for certain of the
Funds in 2014. Through the Funds’ ownership of AMI Parent, Chatham and Melchiorre
effectively controlled AMI and appointed two Chatham employees to AMI’s four-person board.

Background

Te During the Relevant Period, Chatham and Melchiorre were investment advisers to
all of their Clients. They implemented a similar strategy for each Client—investing in high yield
bonds, leveraged loans, and credit derivatives.

8. In implementing this strategy, Chatham caused the Clients to take a number of
concentrated “high conviction” positions in debt securities issued by companies in the print media
industry, including AMI. A “high conviction” position was a position that Chatham had a high
degree of confidence would produce satisfactory investment returns over time.

9. Pursuant to the high conviction strategy, during the Relevant Period, Chatham and
Melchiorre caused their Clients to acquire substantial positions in the AMI Bonds. The percentage
of the Clients’ portfolios invested in AMI Bonds varied for each Client, but on average the AMI
Bonds constituted 11 percent of Client portfolios. During the Relevant Period, the Clients
collectively owned an average of 83 percent of the bonds issued by AMI.

2 Liquid alternative funds are mutual funds that seek to implement hedge fund-like strategies while

maintaining daily liquidity. After the Relevant Period, Chatham wound down its relationship with its Clients who
were RICs, and has not advised any Clients that are RICs as of December 2020.

10. Through its control of the Funds, Chatham also possessed voting control of AMI
during the Relevant Period. On average during the Relevant Period, the Funds owned an average
of 80 percent of the equity in AMI Parent, the sole shareholder of AMI?

11. The AMI Bonds generally were illiquid investments and traded over the counter.
There were few purchasers of the AMI Bonds other than the Chatham Clients. Indeed, when the
next largest holder of AMI Bonds attempted to sell them on the open market during the Relevant
Period, they were unable to find any purchaser aside from Chatham Clients.

12. Melchiorre understood that liquidity was limited for the AMI Bonds.

13. From time to time, notwithstanding Chatham’s favorable view of the investment, it
would become necessary for the Clients to sell portfolio positions, including AMI Bonds, due to
the parameters of a Chatham Client account.

14. Specifically, the LAFs, including those that were RICs, imposed limits on the
percentage of funds that could be invested in a single issuer or industry. In addition, the LAFs,
including those that were RICs, provided daily liquidity to their shareholders, meaning that
investors could withdraw their money at any time.

15. Due to the position limits and daily liquidity needs of the LAFs, and the high
concentration of AMI Bonds held by the LAFs, Chatham and Melchiorre frequently were required
to “rebalance” the LAF portfolios by selling certain of the AMI Bonds.

16. In other cases, the Clients had a need to sell the AMI Bonds in order to fund
investor redemptions or other cash needs.

17. Generally, when Chatham was forced to sell a high conviction AMI Bond in these
circumstances, Chatham desired to purchase the AMI Bond for another Client because Chatham
still believed in the merits of the investment and would not otherwise be selling the AMI Bonds if
it were not for the portfolio restrictions or cash needs of the selling Clients.

18. Recognizing that there were legal restrictions on trading between RICs and their
affiliates, which included other Chatham Clients, Chatham and Melchiorre sought advice from a
compliance consultant on how to facilitate the Rebalancing Trades. The consultant advised
Chatham to conduct the trading either through a single broker over more than one day or through
multiple brokers if on the same day. The foundational principle underlying the advice was to
ensure that the transactions occurred at independently-derived market prices.

19. As portfolio manager for the Chatham Clients, Melchiorre personally caused the
Rebalancing Trades in AMI Bonds to be executed. Each Rebalancing Trade involved the sale of
AMI Bonds by one or more Clients and an offsetting purchase or purchases of the AMI Bonds by
one or more different Clients.

2 The equity positions in AMI Parent were only held by the Funds, not the RICs.

4

20. To execute the Rebalancing Trades, Melchiorre worked with a small number of
broker-dealer firms with whom he had traded previously (the “Rebalancing Brokers’’).

21. Consistent with the compliance consultant’s advice, Melchiorre generally executed
the Rebalancing Trades through a single Rebalancing Broker’s firm over more than one day or
through multiple Rebalancing Broker firms during a single day, and he also sometimes executed
them through multiple broker firms over multiple days.

22. The Rebalancing Trades, however, were executed at prices proposed by Melchiorre
and agreed to by the Rebalancing Brokers, but not at prices that were independently derived from
price discovery in the broader market.

23. Around the time that Chatham began to execute the Rebalancing Trades,
Melchiorre generally explained the purpose of the Rebalancing Trades to the Rebalancing Brokers.
Melchiorre informed each of the Rebalancing Brokers to whom he sold a Client’s AMI Bonds that
he likely would have an interest in repurchasing that same AMI Bond he was selling for another
Client. Over time, an understanding developed on the part of the Rebalancing Brokers that
whenever Melchiorre placed an order to sell one of the AMI Bonds for a Client, he would
repurchase it for another Client, either directly the following day or days, or indirectly through
another broker.

24. The Rebalancing Brokers engaged in the Rebalancing Trades because they
expected Melchiorre to repurchase the bonds. The business model of several of the Rebalancing
Brokers was to “match” buy and sell orders from their customers. Those Rebalancing Brokers
ordinarily did not purchase securities for their own inventory—i.e., put the firm’s own capital at
risk—or they did so on a very limited basis. Nonetheless, the vast majority of the Rebalancing
Trades involved at least one Rebalancing Broker that purchased bonds into its firm’s inventory.
For example, some of the Rebalancing Brokers would at times agree to purchase securities from
Chatham even though the Rebalancing Broker may not have lined up the other leg of the
transaction. These brokers’ willingness to do so was based on their expectation that Chatham
would repurchase the bonds, either directly or through another broker.

25. The purchasing Rebalancing Brokers generally did not offer the AMI Bonds to
other customers in the market. Instead, in virtually every case, they resold the securities to
Chatham or to another broker who they understood was purchasing for Chatham.

26. As Chatham’s need to conduct rebalancing in its various Client Accounts increased
over time, Rebalancing Trades became routine. When Melchiorre wanted to sell an AMI Bond to
one particular Rebalancing Broker (“Rebalancing Broker A”) and then repurchase it the following
day, he would send Rebalancing Broker A a message indicating that he wanted to sell an AMI
Bond in the “usual drill.” Rebalancing Broker A then would purchase the AMI Bond into the
firm’s inventory until Melchiorre repurchased it the following day.

27. Other Rebalancing Brokers understood that when Melchiorre sold them an AMI
Bond, they should look for a corresponding purchase from a second Rebalancing Broker, identified
by Melchiorre, who also was representing Chatham.

5

28. The Rebalancing Brokers stood to benefit from the Rebalancing Trades because
they expected Chatham to repurchase the bonds at a higher price, and it typically did so.

29. Melchiorre proposed the price for the Rebalancing Trades and the Rebalancing
Brokers agreed to it without first soliciting bids from other market participants.

30. When proposing a price for Rebalancing Trades, Melchiorre considered a number
of factors, which included the prior day’s price as reflected in prices published by a pricing service.
Those published prices would have been influenced, to some extent, by Chatham’s own trading.
When purchasing the AMI Bonds, Melchiorre also added a spread to compensate the Rebalancing
Brokers. For example, in the case of a Rebalancing Trade executed through a single Rebalancing
Broker overnight, Chatham would repurchase the AMI Bonds for a small spread above what it had
sold the AMI Bonds to the broker the day before. In the case of a multi-broker Rebalancing Trade,
Melchiorre would bid a small spread above the prior sale that was sufficient to compensate each of
the Rebalancing Brokers involved.

31. Over the Relevant Period, Chatham and Melchiorre engaged in over one hundred
Rebalancing Trades in AMI Bonds, accounting for approximately 81 percent, on average, of the
customer trading (i.e., not broker-to-broker trading) in such securities.

32s Over time, the frequent Rebalancing Trades and repeated mark-ups to compensate
the Rebalancing Brokers resulted in the market price of AMI Bonds increasing at a faster rate than
prices of similar securities. For example, by November 2017, two of the AMI Bonds traded in
Rebalancing Trades at implied yields lower than the prevailing London Interbank Offered Rate
(“LIBOR”). Such yields ordinarily would have been associated with a bond of a much higher
creditworthiness than the AMI Bonds.

33. Chatham was compensated for its advisory services to the Funds with a
management fee and a performance fee, and to the LAFs with a management fee. The
management fee charged to certain Clients was set at a percentage of the NAV of those Clients.

34. In order to calculate each Fund’s NAV, Chatham used an independent pricing
service to determine the value of each of the portfolio securities, including the AMI Bonds. The
LAF administrators calculated their own NAVs, also using the same pricing service Chatham used.

35. Chatham and Melchiorre understood that the pricing service that Chatham and the
LAF administrators utilized was based to some extent on recent trading prices and that the
Rebalancing Trades accounted for virtually all of the trading in the Bonds during the Relevant
Period. Because the Rebalancing Trades at times increased the prices of the AMI Bonds, the
NAVs of the Client accounts also were increased by that amount on those occasions.

36. Accordingly, the Clients paid Chatham an estimated $11,000,000 in performance
and/or management fees that they would not have in the absence of Chatham’s Rebalancing
Trades. Chatham in turn paid approximately 55 percent of such fees to Melchiorre.

Violations

37. As a result of the conduct described above, Respondents willfully violated Section
206(2) of the Advisers Act, which prohibits an investment adviser from engaging in any
transaction, practice, or course of business which operates as a fraud or deceit upon any client or
prospective client. Scienter is not required to establish a violation of Section 206(2), but rather such
a violation may rest on a finding of negligence. SEC v. Steadman, 967 F.2d 636, 643 n.5 (D.C. Cir.
1992) (citing SEC v. Capital Gains Research Bureau, Inc., 375 U.S. 180, 195 (1963)).

38. As a result of the conduct described above, Respondents willfully aided and abetted
violations of, and caused certain Clients to violate, Sections 17(a)(1) and 17(a)(2) of the
Investment Company Act, which make it unlawful for any affiliated person or promoter of or
principal underwriter for a RIC or any affiliated person of such a person, promoter, or principal
underwriter, acting as principal (1) knowingly to sell any security or other property to such RIC
or to any company controlled by such RIC, or (2) knowingly to purchase from such RIC, or from
any company controlled by such RIC, any security or other property, unless the transaction
complies with the exemptive requirements of Rule 17a-7 under the Investment Company Act, or
the adviser obtains an exemptive order under Section 17(b) of the Investment Company Act.

Disgorgement

39. The disgorgement and prejudgment interest ordered in paragraph IV(G) below is
consistent with equitable principles and does not exceed Respondents’ net profits from their
violations, and will be distributed to harmed investors to the extent feasible. The Commission will
hold funds paid pursuant to paragraph IV(G) in an account at the United States Treasury pending
distribution. Upon approval of the distribution final accounting by the Commission, any amounts
remaining that are infeasible to return to investors, and any amounts returned to the Commission in
the future that are infeasible to return to investors, may be transferred to the general fund of the
United States Treasury, subject to Section 21 F(g)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Undertaking

Respondents Chatham and Melchiorre agree to undertake to assist the Commission staff in
the administration of a distribution plan, including any and all efforts to distribute to affected
investors the monetary relief described in paragraph IV(G) below. In connection with such
assistance, Respondents will produce, without service or notice of subpoena, information
reasonably requested by the Commission staff.

IV.

In view of the foregoing, the Commission deems it appropriate and in the public interest to
impose the sanctions agreed to in Respondents’ Offers.

Accordingly, pursuant to Sections 203(e), 203(f) and 203(k) of the Advisers Act, and
Sections 9(b) and 9(f) of the Investment Company Act, it is hereby ORDERED that:

A. Respondent Melchiorre cease and desist from committing or causing any violations
and any future violations of Section 206(2) of the Advisers Act or Section 17(a) of the Investment
Company Act.

B. Respondents are censured.

& Respondent Chatham cease and desist from committing or causing any violations
and any future violations of Section 206(2) of the Advisers Act or Section 17(a) of the Investment
Company Act.

Dz Pursuant to Section 9(b) of the Investment Company Act, Respondent Melchiorre
be, and hereby is, prohibited from serving or acting as an employee, officer, director, member of an
advisory board, investment adviser or depositor of, or principal underwriter for, a registered
investment company or affiliated person of such investment adviser, depositor, or principal
underwriter.

E. Pursuant to Section 9(b) of the Investment Company Act, Respondent Chatham be,
and hereby is, prohibited from serving or acting as an employee, officer, director, member of an
advisory board, investment adviser or depositor of, or principal underwriter for, a registered
investment company or affiliated person of such investment adviser, depositor, or principal
underwriter.

F, Any reapplication for association by Respondents will be subject to the applicable
laws and regulations governing the reentry process, and reentry may be conditioned upon a number
of factors, including, but not limited to, compliance with the Commission’s Order and payment of
any or all of the following: (a) any disgorgement or civil penalties ordered by a Court against the
Respondents in any action brought by the Commission; (b) any disgorgement amounts ordered
against the Respondents for which the Commission waived payment; (c) any arbitration award
related to the conduct that served as the basis for the Commission Order; (d) any self-regulatory
organization arbitration award to a customer, whether or not related to the conduct that served as the
basis for the Commission Order; and (e) any restitution order by a self-regulatory organization,
whether or not related to the conduct that served as the basis for the Commission Order.

G. Respondents shall pay, jointly and severally, disgorgement of $11,000,000 and
prejudgment interest of $3,375,072. In addition, Respondent Melchiorre shall pay a civil penalty
of $600,000, and Respondent Chatham shall pay a civil penalty of $4,400,000 to the Securities and
Exchange Commission. Payment shall be made in the following installments:

Due within 30 days of the entry of this Order: $7,187,536;

Due within 180 days of the entry of this Order: $3,593,768;

Due within 270 days of the entry of this Order: $3,593,768; and

Due within 360 days of the entry of this Order: $600,000 from Melchiorre, and $4,400,000
from Chatham; plus all remaining unpaid principal and accrued interest.

Pe Sr

Payments shall be applied first to post-order interest, which accrues pursuant to SEC Rule of

Practice 600 and pursuant to 31 U.S.C. § 3717. Prior to making the final payment set forth herein,

Respondents shall contact the staff of the Commission for the amount due. If Respondents fail to
8

make any payment by the date agreed and/or in the amount agreed according to the schedule set
forth above, all outstanding payments under this Order, including post-order interest, minus any
payments made, shall become due and payable immediately at the discretion of the staff of the
Commission without further application to the Commission. Payment must be made in one of the
following ways:

() Respondents may transmit payment electronically to the Commission,
which will provide detailed ACH transfer/Fedwire instructions upon
request;

(2) Respondents may make direct payment from a bank account via Pay.gov
through the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov/about/offices/ofm.htm; or

(3) Respondents may pay by certified check, bank cashier’s check, or United
States postal money order, made payable to the Securities and Exchange
Commission and hand-delivered or mailed to:

Enterprise Services Center
Accounts Receivable Branch

HQ Bldg., Room 181, AMZ-341
6500 South MacArthur Boulevard
Oklahoma City, OK 73169

Payments by check or money order must be accompanied by a cover letter identifying
Anthony Melchiorre and Chatham Asset Management, LLC as Respondents in these proceedings,
and the file number of these proceedings; a copy of the cover letter and check or money order must
be sent to Sheldon L. Pollock, Division of Enforcement, Securities and Exchange Commission,
100 Pearl Street, Suite 20-100, New York, New York 10004.

H. Pursuant to Section 308(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, a Fair
Fund is created for the disgorgement, prejudgment interest, and penalty payments referenced in
paragraph IV(G) above. Amounts ordered to be paid as civil money penalties pursuant to this
Order shall be treated as penalties paid to the government for all purposes, including all tax
purposes. To preserve the deterrent effect of the civil penalties, Respondents agree that in any
Related Investor Action, they shall not argue that they are entitled to, nor shall they benefit by,
offset or reduction of any award of compensatory damages by the amount of any part of
Respondents’ payments of a civil penalties in this action (“Penalty Offset”). If the court in any
Related Investor Action grants such a Penalty Offset, Respondents agree that they shall, within 30
days after entry of a final order granting the Penalty Offset, notify the Commission’s counsel in
this action and pay the amount of the Penalty Offset to the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Such a payment shall not be deemed an additional civil penalty and shall not be deemed to change
the amount of the civil penalties imposed in this proceeding. For purposes of this paragraph, a
“Related Investor Action” means a private damages action brought against Respondents by or on
behalf of one or more investors based on substantially the same facts as alleged in the Order
entered by the Commission in this proceeding.

I. Respondents Chatham and Melchiorre shall comply with the undertaking
enumerated in Section III above.

V.

It is further ORDERED that, solely for purposes of exceptions to discharge set forth in
Section 523 of the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. § 523, the findings in this Order are true and
admitted by Respondent Melchiorre, and further, any debt for disgorgement, prejudgment interest,
civil penalty or other amounts due by Respondent Melchiorre under this Order or any other
judgment, order, consent order, decree or settlement agreement entered in connection with this
proceeding, is a debt for the violation by Respondent of the federal securities laws or any
regulation or order issued under such laws, as set forth in Section 523(a)(19) of the Bankruptcy
Code, 11 U.S.C. § 523(a)(19).

By the Commission.

Vanessa A. Countryman
Secretary

10
