TO:

RE:

FINANCIAL INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY
LETTER OF ACCEPTANCE, WAIVER, AND CONSENT
NO. 2021069319601

Department of Enforcement
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)

Rosenblatt Securities Inc. (Respondent)
Member Firm
CRD No. 18377

Pursuant to FINRA Rule 9216, Respondent Rosenblatt Securities Inc. submits this Letter of
Acceptance, Waiver, and Consent (AWC) for the purpose of proposing a settlement of the
alleged rule violations described below. This AWC is submitted on the condition that, if
accepted, FINRA will not bring any future actions against Respondent alleging violations based
on the same factual findings described in this AWC.

I.
ACCEPTANCE AND CONSENT

Respondent accepts and consents to the following findings by FINRA without admitting
or denying them:

BACKGROUND

Rosenblatt engages in a general securities business, including the private placements of
securities. Rosenblatt has been registered with FINRA since 1987. The firm is
headquartered in New York, New York, has one branch office, and employs about 60
registered representatives. !

OVERVIEW
From August 2018 through September 2021, Rosenblatt failed to timely file with FINRA
any offering documents for 12 private offerings as required by FINRA Rule 5123. During
the same period, Rosenblatt’s supervisory system, including written supervisory

procedures (WSPs), was not reasonably designed to achieve compliance with FINRA
Rule 5123. Therefore, Rosenblatt violated FINRA Rules 5123, 3110, and 2010.

FACTS AND VIOLATIVE CONDUCT

This matter originated from FINRA’s 2021 cycle examination of Rosenblatt.

' For more information about the firm, including prior regulatory events, visit BrokerCheck® at
www finra.org/brokercheck.

FINRA Rule 5123 requires that a member firm that sells a security in a non-public
offering in reliance on an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act
of 1933: (i) submit to FINRA, or have submitted on its behalf, a copy of any private
placement memorandum, term sheet, or other offering document, used in connection with
such sale within 15 calendar days of the date of first sale, or (ii) notify FINRA that no
such offering documents were used. As noted in Regulatory Notice 12-40, FINRA
implemented the rule to “enhance oversight and investor protection” and provide “more
timely and complete information about the private placement activities of firms on behalf
of other issuers.”

FINRA Rule 3110(a) requires a member firm to establish and maintain a system to
supervise the activities of each associated person that is reasonably designed to achieve
compliance with applicable securities laws and regulations, and with applicable FINRA
tules. FINRA Rule 3110(b) requires a member firm to establish, maintain, and enforce
written procedures to supervise the types of business in which it engages and the
activities of its associated persons that are reasonably designed to achieve compliance
with applicable securities laws and regulations, and with applicable FINRA rules.

A violation of FINRA Rules 5123 and 3110 also is a violation of FINRA Rule 2010,
which requires member firms to observe high standards of commercial honor and just and
equitable principles of trade in the conduct of their business.

From April 2018 through September 2021, Rosenblatt failed to timely file with FINRA a
private placement memorandum or any other offering document used in connection with
12 private offerings sold by the firm’s registered representatives, as required by FINRA
Rule 5123. For the 12 private offerings, Rosenblatt made the required regulatory filings
on average approximately 400 days late.

During the same period, Rosenblatt failed to establish and maintain a supervisory system

and WSPs reasonably designed to achieve compliance with FINRA Rule 5123.” The firm
failed to make any reference to FINRA Rule 5123 in its WSPs, and failed to establish any
system or procedures for complying with the rule.

By failing to timely file with FINRA a private placement memorandum or any other
offering document for 12 private offerings, Rosenblatt violated FINRA Rules 5123 and
2010. By failing to establish and maintain a reasonable supervisory system and
procedures for compliance with FINRA Rule 5123, Rosenblatt violated FINRA Rules
3110 and 2010.

2 In September 2021, Rosenblatt revised its WSPs and supervisory system to address the requirements of FINRA
Rule 5123.

B. Respondent also consents to the imposition of the following sanctions:
. a censure and
. a $30,000 fine.
Respondent agrees to pay the monetary sanction upon notice that this AWC has been
accepted and that such payment is due and payable. Respondent has submitted an
Election of Payment form showing the method by which it proposes to pay the fine
imposed.
Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim an inability to pay, now

or at any time after the execution of this AWC, the monetary sanction imposed in this
matter.

The sanctions imposed in this AWC shall be effective on a date set by FINRA.
Il.
WAIVER OF PROCEDURAL RIGHTS

Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives the following rights granted under FINRA’s
Code of Procedure:

A. To have a complaint issued specifying the allegations against it;

B. To be notified of the complaint and have the opportunity to answer the allegations
in writing;

C. To defend against the allegations in a disciplinary hearing before a hearing panel,
to have a written record of the hearing made, and to have a written decision
issued; and

D. To appeal any such decision to the National Adjudicatory Council (NAC) and
then to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and a U.S. Court of
Appeals.

Further, Respondent specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim bias or prejudgment
of the Chief Legal Officer, the NAC, or any member of the NAC, in connection with such
person’s or body’s participation in discussions regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC,
or other consideration of this AWC, including its acceptance or rejection.

Respondent further specifically and voluntarily waives any right to claim that a person violated
the ex parte prohibitions of FINRA Rule 9143 or the separation of functions prohibitions of
FINRA Rule 9144, in connection with such person’s or body’s participation in discussions
regarding the terms and conditions of this AWC, or other consideration of this AWC, including
its acceptance or rejection.

I.
OTHER MATTERS
Respondent understands that:
A. Submission of this AWC is voluntary and will not resolve this matter unless and

until it has been reviewed and accepted by the NAC, a Review Subcommittee of
the NAC, or the Office of Disciplinary Affairs (ODA), pursuant to FINRA Rule
9216;

B. If this AWC is not accepted, its submission will not be used as evidence to prove
any of the allegations against Respondent; and
Cc. If accepted:

1. this AWC will become part of Respondent’s permanent disciplinary
record and may be considered in any future action brought by FINRA or
any other regulator against Respondent;

2. this AWC will be made available through FINRA’s public disclosure
program in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313;

3. FINRA may make a public announcement concerning this agreement and
its subject matter in accordance with FINRA Rule 8313; and

4. Respondent may not take any action or make or permit to be made any
public statement, including in regulatory filings or otherwise, denying,
directly or indirectly, any finding in this AWC or create the impression
that the AWC is without factual basis. Respondent may not take any
position in any proceeding brought by or on behalf of FINRA, or to which
FINRA is a party, that is inconsistent with any part of this AWC. Nothing
in this provision affects Respondent’s right to take legal or factual
positions in litigation or other legal proceedings in which FINRA is not a
party. Nothing in this provision affects Respondent’s testimonial
obligations in any litigation or other legal proceedings.

D. Respondent may attach a corrective action statement to this AWC that is a
statement of demonstrable corrective steps taken to prevent future misconduct.
Respondent understands that it may not deny the charges or make any statement
that is inconsistent with the AWC in this statement. This statement does not
constitute factual or legal findings by FINRA, nor does it reflect the views of
FINRA.

The undersigned, on behalf of Respondent, certifies that a person duly authorized to act on
Respondent’s behalf has read and understands all of the provisions of this AWC and has been
given a full opportunity to ask questions about it; that Respondent has agreed to the AWC’s
provisions voluntarily; and that no offer, threat, inducement, or promise of any kind, other than
the terms set forth in this AWC and the prospect of avoiding the issuance of a complaint, has
been made to induce Respondent to submit this AWC.

January 4, 2023 (hare:
SP. Roney

Date Rosenblatt Securities Inc.
Respondent
Print Name: Charles P. Roney
Title: CC°

Accepted by FINRA:
Signed on behalf of the

Director of ODA, by delegated authority

February 7, 2023 PRM

Date Richard March
Senior Counsel
FINRA
Department of Enforcement
55 West Monroe Street, Suite 2700
Chicago, IL 60602

