UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Before the
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Release No. 97064 / March 7, 2023

ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDING
File No. 3-21336

ORDER INSTITUTING

In the Matter of ADMINISTRATIVE AND
CEASE-AND-DESIST
KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS INC., PROCEEDINGS, PURSUANT
TO SECTIONS 15(b), 15B(c)
Respondent. AND 21C OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934, MAKING
FINDINGS, AND IMPOSING
REMEDIAL SANCTIONS
AND A CEASE-AND-DESIST
ORDER

L

The Securities and Exchange Commission (“Commission”) deems it appropriate and in the
public interest that public administrative and cease-and-desist proceedings be, and hereby are,
instituted pursuant to Sections 15(b), 15B(c) and 21C of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(“Exchange Act’’) against KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. (“KBCM” or “Respondent”).

Il.

In anticipation of the institution of these proceedings, Respondent has submitted an Offer
of Settlement (the “Offer”) which the Commission has determined to accept. Solely for the
purpose of these proceedings and any other proceedings brought by or on behalf of the
Commission, or to which the Commission is a party, and without admitting or denying the findings
herein, except as to the Commission’s jurisdiction over it and the subject matter of these
proceedings, which are admitted, Respondent consents to the entry of this Order Instituting
Administrative and Cease-and-Desist Proceedings, Pursuant to Sections 15(b), 15B(c) and 21C of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Making Findings, and Imposing Remedial Sanctions and a
Cease-and-Desist Order (“Order”), as set forth below.

Il.

On the basis of this Order and Respondent’s Offer, the Commission finds! that:

Summary

These proceedings involve KBCM’s failure to comply with Exchange Act Rule 15c2-12
(the “Rule”) when participating as an underwriter in certain primary offerings of municipal
securities. Exchange Act Rule 15c2-12 generally requires underwriters, in primary offerings of $1
million or more, to obtain disclosure documents from issuers and to reasonably determine that the
issuer of the municipal securities or an obligated person has undertaken to provide certain
information pertaining to the offered securities on a continuing basis to the Municipal Securities
Rulemaking Board (“MSRB”). This undertaking is commonly referred to as a “continuing
disclosure undertaking” or a “continuing disclosure agreement.” Continuing disclosures enable
investors in municipal securities in the secondary market to make informed investment decisions
and to protect themselves from misrepresentations or other fraudulent activities by brokers, dealers
and municipal securities dealers.

Rule 15c2-12 includes an exemption for limited offerings of municipal securities placed
with a small number of sophisticated investors with investment intent. Underwriters participating in
offerings of municipal securities issued in denominations of $100,000 or more that are sold to no
more than thirty-five persons are exempt from the Rule’s requirements if the underwriters have a
reasonable belief that each purchaser: (1) has such knowledge and experience in financial and
business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the investment; and (2) is not
purchasing the securities for more than one account or with a view to distributing the securities.

From September 2017 to December 2021, KBCM, while serving as sole underwriter for 47
limited offerings, sold securities to broker-dealers and certain investment advisers without a
reasonable belief that the broker-dealers and investment advisers were purchasing the securities
for investment as required under Exchange Act Rule 15c2-12(d)(1)(i). Moreover, KBCM lacked
policies and procedures reasonably designed to determine if purchasers satisfied the exemption’s
requirements. As a result, KBCM violated Exchange Act Rule 15c2-12, as well as MSRB Rule
G-27, which requires municipal underwriters to adopt, maintain and enforce written supervisory
procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance with Rule 15c2-12. KBCM also violated
Section 15B(c)(1) of the Exchange Act for failing to comply with the MSRB rule.

Respondent

1. KBCM, incorporated in Ohio and headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, is registered
with the Commission as a broker-dealer and municipal advisor.

' The findings herein are made pursuant to Respondent’s Offer of Settlement and are not binding on any other
person or entity in this or any other proceeding.

Rule 15c2-12 under the Exchange Act

2. Broker-dealers that participate as underwriters in primary offerings of municipal
securities of $1 million or more must comply with Exchange Act Rule 15c2-12 unless the
offering is exempt pursuant to Section (d) of the Rule.”

3s Exchange Act Rule 15c2-12 is designed to prevent fraud in primary offerings of
municipal securities. The Rule enhances the accuracy and timeliness of disclosures made to
investors by establishing standards for the procurement and dissemination of disclosure
documents by underwriters.

4. Exchange Act Rule 15c2-12(b) requires underwriters in primary offerings of
municipal securities: (a) to obtain and review a copy of an official statement deemed final by the
issuer of the municipal securities, except for the omission of specified information; (b) in non-
competitively bid offerings, to make available, upon request, the most recent preliminary official
statement, if any; (c) to contract with the issuer to receive, within specified time periods,
sufficient copies of the issuer’s final official statement; and (d) to provide, for a specified period
of time, copies of the final official statement to any potential customer upon request.* Before
purchasing or selling municipal securities in connection with an offering, the Rule also requires
an underwriter to reasonably determine that an issuer of municipal securities or an obligated
person has undertaken in a written agreement or contract, for the benefit of holders of such
securities, to provide annual reports containing certain financial information and operating data
to the MSRB, as well as timely notice of certain specified events pertaining to the municipal
securities being offered. This undertaking is commonly referred to as a “continuing disclosure
undertaking” or a “continuing disclosure agreement.” Continuing disclosures enable investors in
municipal securities in the secondary market to make informed investment decisions and to protect
themselves from misrepresentations or other fraudulent activities by brokers, dealers and municipal
securities dealers.

Exemption from Rule 15c2-12 for Limited Offerings

5. The primary intent of Exchange Act Rule 15c2-12 is to focus on those offerings of
municipal securities that involve the general public and are likely to be actively traded in the
secondary market.* When the Commission adopted the Rule in 1989, it included exemptions

217 C.F.R. §§ 240.15c2-12(a) [general application of Rule] and (d) [offerings exempt from general application of
Rule].

3 Municipal Securities Disclosure, Exchange Act Rel. No. 34-26985, 54 Fed. Reg. 28799, 28800-01 (Final Rule, Jul.
10, 1989) [Rule 15c2-12 promulgated, in part, under Section 15(c) of the Exchange Act, 15 U.S.C. § 780(c)].

417 CER. §§ 240.15c2-12(b)(1)-(4).
517 CER. § 240.15c2-12(b)(5).

6 54 Fed. Reg. 28799 at 28809.

designed to facilitate certain offerings where the Commission believed that, given the sophistication
of the investors and the alternative mechanisms developed by the industry to facilitate disclosure in
connection with such offerings, the specific requirements of the Rule were not necessary to prevent
fraud or to encourage the dissemination of disclosure into the secondary market. This included an
exemption for limited offerings.’ Specifically, Section (d)(1)(i) of the Rule exempts primary
offerings of municipal securities “in authorized denominations of $100,000 or more, if such
securities ... are sold to no more than thirty-five persons each of whom the Participating
Underwriter reasonably believes: (A) has such knowledge and experience in financial and business
matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment; and (B) is
not purchasing for more than one account or with a view to distributing the securities.”*

6. The Commission was concerned that any securities offered pursuant to a limited
offering exemption could immediately be resold to public investors without the benefit of the
Rule’s requirements, including the undertaking by issuers to provide investors with continuing
disclosure about their investments. For these reasons, the Commission required that the securities
be issued in relatively large denominations, $100,000 or more, and that the underwriter have a
reasonable belief that the securities are being acquired by the purchaser for investment. The Rule
also requires underwriters to determine if each investor is purchasing the securities for one account
in order to preserve the integrity of the limitation on sales to no more than thirty-five persons.
Moreover, the persons that purchase the securities must possess the necessary knowledge and
experience to evaluate the merits and risks of the investment. The Rule does not identify purchasers
presumed to meet these criteria. Instead, the Rule requires that underwriters make a subjective
determination that investors meet the purchaser qualifications.’

KBCM Failed to Comply with the Limited Offering Exemption

7. From September 2017 to December 2021, KBCM acted as sole underwriter for at
least 47 offerings of municipal securities where it sought to rely on the exemption provided in
Exchange Act Rule 15c2-12(d)(1)(i), but where the offerings did not actually satisfy the
exemption’s requirements. KBCM did not provide investors in these securities with copies of
any Preliminary Official Statement or Final Official Statement for the securities, or determine
that a continuing disclosure undertaking had been entered into by the issuer, or an obligated
person, as required by Exchange Act Rule 15c2-12(b).

8. In these 47 limited offerings, KBCM sold the municipal securities to broker-
dealers and/or investment advisers with separately managed accounts. When it sold the
municipal securities to these broker-dealers and investment advisers, KBCM did not have a
reasonable belief that the broker-dealers and investment advisers were purchasing the securities
for investment as required under Exchange Act Rule 15c2-12(d)(1)(i). KBCM did not inquire, or
otherwise determine, if the broker-dealers and investment advisers were purchasing the securities

754 Fed. Reg. 28799 at 28801, 28808.
817 CER. §§ 240.15¢-12(d)(1)(i)-(ii).

° 54 Fed. Reg. 28799 at 28809-10.

for more than one account or for distribution. It also failed to ascertain for whom the broker-
dealers and investment advisers were purchasing the securities. KBCM therefore was unable to
form a reasonable belief that the broker-dealers and investment advisers were purchasing the
securities for investors who possessed the necessary knowledge and experience to evaluate the
investments. As a result, these 47 limited offerings did not qualify for the exemption under
Exchange Act Rule 15c2-12(d)(1)(q).

9. KBCM realized $263,607.66 from the 47 limited offerings that did not qualify for
the exemption under Exchange Act Rule 15c2-12(d)(1)(i) and that resulted in its failure to
comply with the disclosure requirements in Exchange Act Rule 15c2-12(b).

KBCM Failed to Adopt Policies and Procedures Reasonably
Designed to Ensure Compliance with the Limited Offering Exemption

10. MSRB Rule G-27(c) requires broker-dealers to adopt, maintain and enforce
written supervisory procedures reasonably designed to ensure that the conduct of the municipal
securities activities of the broker-dealer and its associated persons is in compliance with the
Exchange Act and MSRB rules.

11. From at least September 2017 through December 2021, KBCM did not have any
specific policies or procedures reasonably designed to comply with Exchange Act Rule 15c2-
12(d)(1)Q@) and enabling it to form a reasonable belief that persons to whom it sold municipal
securities pursuant to the limited offering exemption: (a) had such knowledge and experience in
financial and business matters that they were capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the
prospective investment; and (b) were not purchasing for more than one account or with a view to
distributing the securities.

Violations

12. As a result of the conduct described above, Respondent willfully'® violated
Exchange Act Rule 15c2-12 and MSRB Rule G-27.

13. As aresult of Respondent’s willful violation of MSRB Rule G-27, Respondent
willfully violated Section 15B(c)(1) of the Exchange Act.

Disgorgement

14. The disgorgement and prejudgment interest ordered in paragraph IV.C is consistent
with equitable principles, does not exceed Respondent’s net profits from its violations, and

10 “willfully,” for purposes of imposing relief under Sections 15(b) and 15B(c) of the Exchange Act “means no
more than that the person charged with the duty knows what he is doing.” Wonsover v. SEC, 205 F.3d 408, 414
(D.C. Cir. 2000) (quoting Hughes v. SEC, 174 F.2d 969, 977 (D.C. Cir. 1949)).

returning the money to Respondent would be inconsistent with equitable principles. Therefore, in
these circumstances, distributing disgorged funds to the U.S. Treasury is the most equitable
alternative. The disgorgement and prejudgment interest ordered in paragraph IV.C shall be
transferred to the general fund of the U.S. Treasury, subject to Section 21F(g)(3) of the Exchange
Act.

Remedial Efforts

15. In determining to accept the Offer, the Commission considered remedial acts
promptly undertaken by Respondent and cooperation afforded the Commission staff.

IV.

On the basis of the foregoing, the Commission deems it appropriate and in the public
interest to impose the sanctions agreed to in Respondent’s Offer.

Accordingly, pursuant to Sections 15(b), 15B(c) and 21C of the Exchange Act, it is
hereby ORDERED that:

A. Respondent cease and desist from committing or causing any violations and any
future violations of Section 15B(c)(1) of the Exchange Act, Exchange Act Rule 15c2-12, and
MSRB Rule G-27.

B. Respondent is censured.

C. Respondent shall, within 10 days of the entry of this Order, pay disgorgement of
$263,607.66 and prejudgment interest of $33,528.55 to the Securities and Exchange Commission
for transfer to the general fund of the United States Treasury, subject to Exchange Act Section
21F(g)(3). Iftimely payment is not made, additional interest shall accrue pursuant to SEC Rule of
Practice 600.

D. — Respondent shall, within 10 days of the entry of this Order, pay a civil money
penalty in the amount of $100,000.00 to the Securities and Exchange Commission, of which a
total of $16,667.00 shall be transferred to the MSRB in accordance with Section 15B(c)(9)(A)
of the Exchange Act, and of which the remaining $83,333.00 shall be transferred to the
general fund of the United States Treasury in accordance with Exchange Act Section
21F(g)(3). If timely payment is not made, additional interest shall accrue pursuant to 31 U.S.C.
§ 3717.

E. Payments must be made in one of the following ways:
(1) Respondent may transmit payments electronically to the Commission,

which will provide detailed ACH transfer/Fedwire instructions upon
request;

Q) Respondent may make direct payment from a bank account via
Pay.gov through the SEC website at
http://www.sec.gov/about/offices/ofm.htm; or

GB) Respondent may pay by certified check, bank cashier’s check, or United
States postal money order, made payable to the Securities and Exchange
Commission and hand-delivered or mailed to:

Enterprise Services Center
Accounts Receivable Branch

HQ Bldg., Room 181, AMZ-341
6500 South MacArthur Boulevard
Oklahoma City, OK 73169

Payments by check or money order must be accompanied by a cover letter identifying
KBCM as a Respondent in these proceedings and the file number of these proceedings; a copy
of the cover letter and check or money order must be sent to Assistant Regional Director
Kevin B. Currid, Division of Enforcement, Securities and Exchange Commission, 33 Arch
Street, 24th Floor, Boston, MA 02110.

F. Amounts ordered to be paid as civil money penalties pursuant to this Order shall
be treated as penalties paid to the government for all purposes, including all tax purposes. To
preserve the deterrent effect of the civil penalty, Respondent agrees that in any Related Investor
Action, it shall not argue that it is entitled to, nor shall it benefit by, offset or reduction of any
award of compensatory damages by the amount of any part of Respondent’s payment of a civil
penalty in this action (“Penalty Offset”). Ifthe court in any Related Investor Action grants such a
Penalty Offset, Respondent agrees that it shall, within 30 days after entry of a final order granting
the Penalty Offset, notify the Commission’s counsel in this action and pay the amount of the
Penalty Offset to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such a payment shall not be deemed
an additional civil penalty and shall not be deemed to change the amount of the civil penalty
imposed in this proceeding. For purposes of this paragraph, a “Related Investor Action” means a
private damages action brought against Respondent by or on behalf of one or more investors based
on substantially the same facts as alleged in the Order instituted by the Commission in this
proceeding.

By the Commission.

Vanessa A. Countryman
Secretary
